the person who loves fantasy books is the norwegian.
the cat lover and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the german is bob.
the person who loves yellow is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
there is one house between the dane and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
the person who keeps horses is alice.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the norwegian and arnold.
the person who loves romance books is the british person.
there are two houses between the norwegian and alice.
the bird keeper is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dog owner is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the stew is the norwegian.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between the person's child is named samantha and the person who is short.
the person's child is named alice is bob.
the person who loves country music is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who is tall.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is super tall.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who is the mother of timothy is not in the sixth house.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
there is one house between the person who is short and the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the fifth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who is very tall is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the person who loves rock music is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person who is the mother of timothy and eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named alice is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who likes going on cruises.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves fantasy books is carol.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is holly and eric.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who owns a dog is not in the first house.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a ranch-style home and the person whose mother's name is kailyn are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
eric is not in the second house.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric and peter are next to each other.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between peter and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves pop music is peter.
arnold is the person who loves classical music.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves romance books and the person who likes going on cruises are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
there is one house between alice and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves white.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has a cat and the prince smoker are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the dane is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves basketball is not in the second house.
alice and bob are next to each other.
carol is not in the first house.
there are two houses between peter and the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
carol and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of alice.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of eric.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming and alice are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
eric is in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves baseball.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
bob is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of eric.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves cooking.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves swimming.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is bob.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the person who loves soccer is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person residing in a victorian house.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
the one who only drinks water is bob.
the root beer lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is in the fifth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is bob.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves the stew.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the bird keeper.
peter is the person who likes milk.
eric is the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves basketball.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who has a cat.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who has a cat.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and alice.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is not in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves baseball and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the fourth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fifth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a pet hamster.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves tennis.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
there are two houses between the person who loves soccer and the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves swimming is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of peter.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
there is one house between alice and eric.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between alice and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
eric and the person residing in a victorian house are next to each other.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is bob.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the person who loves stir fry is in the first house.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is tall is arnold.
the person's child is named samantha is the tea drinker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the coffee drinker.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who likes milk is the person who is short.
alice is the person's child is named fred.
peter and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
eric is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who has an average height.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person who loves cooking is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the german is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the photography enthusiast.
alice and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the british person and the person who enjoys knitting are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the swedish person.
the british person is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves cooking.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
peter is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the norwegian and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the british person is alice.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
bob is directly left of the bird keeper.
the dog owner is in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric and the cat lover are next to each other.
the cat lover is directly left of the dog owner.
peter is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves the stew is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves stir fry.
the coffee drinker is in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of arnold.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who is very short.
the person who is super tall is the tea drinker.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person who is very short is the coffee drinker.
the person who is super tall is bob.
the person who is super tall and the person whose birthday is in march are next to each other.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who has an average height.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is tall is in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
alice is the person who is tall.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is very tall.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is the mother of timothy are next to each other.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named fred is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who loves cooking.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fifth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is the cat lover.
there are two houses between alice and the person whose favorite color is red.
the cat lover is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the third house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fifth house.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person with a doctorate is the dane.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
there are two houses between the british person and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
carol is in the first house.
bob is the german.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the norwegian.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in may and the person with a master's degree.
the norwegian is peter.
the person who attended trade school is the person who loves purple.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the second house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who owns a dog is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves classical music is peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves white.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves classical music is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves stir fry is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who enjoys gardening.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of alice.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves romance books.
the photography enthusiast and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who loves biography books.
eric is not in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the second house.
there are two houses between eric and peter.
the person who is a teacher is peter.
peter is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and alice.
the person who is an artist is alice.
eric is in the first house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who loves white is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is short is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves cooking is the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who has an average height.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very short.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who is tall.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves yellow is the british person.
the person who has black hair is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
the person who loves rock music is in the third house.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fourth house.
arnold is in the third house.
eric is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves baseball.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who enjoys camping trips.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named fred.
the person who owns a dog is bob.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person's child is named bella is the root beer lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves swimming is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is eric.
there are two houses between bob and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of bob.
the person who is short is in the second house.
eric is the dane.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the british person.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is short.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the dunhill smoker is in the fifth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person with a pet hamster.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves baseball.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
eric is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
eric is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the first house.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is the cat lover.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is super tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of peter.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named alice.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person who loves rock music.
the person who is short is the cat lover.
alice is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is penny and the person who is short.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the first house.
carol is the person who is tall.
arnold is the person who is very short.
eric is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves rock music is the person who owns a dog.
the british person is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
arnold and eric are next to each other.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who is a doctor is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is the desert smoothie lover.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
eric is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
arnold is the person who loves biography books.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person's child is named bella is peter.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and bob.
alice is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
there are two houses between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is an artist is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is an artist is the dunhill smoker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the prince smoker is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an artist is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who has an average height is eric.
peter is in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves classical music.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is in the third house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who keeps horses is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of peter.
the photography enthusiast is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the second house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves white.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who likes milk.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the tea drinker.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fifth house.
peter and the person who uses a huawei p50 are next to each other.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of bob.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a dog is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is the person who loves basketball.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in april.
the dane is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is short is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person's child is named fred and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person's child is named samantha is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is the person's child is named alice.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is the person who is the mother of timothy.
arnold is directly left of carol.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is in the sixth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person's child is named meredith.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the second house.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the first house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is in the second house.
peter is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
peter is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and peter.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
the person who loves basketball is in the third house.
the prince smoker is the person who loves soccer.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the first house.
the person who has black hair is peter.
the person who has black hair is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the third house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the fourth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the fish enthusiast.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves the stew.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
alice is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the dane.
the german is peter.
the desert smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the norwegian is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who likes going on cruises is the british person.
there are two houses between bob and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
bob is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
carol is in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves the boquet of lilies are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of alice.
the person who loves basketball is in the second house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the second house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
eric is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who is very short is the person who is the mother of timothy.
peter is the person who loves rock music.
the person's child is named bella is bob.
the person's child is named fred is alice.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
carol is somewhere to the left of alice.
carol is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who is super tall is eric.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who has a cat.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves blue.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
eric is in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in may is not in the sixth house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who goes on cultural tours is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold and the person who loves purple are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fifth house.
the person who loves purple is in the third house.
carol is in the fourth house.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
there is one house between the person who loves science fiction books and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves white is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the german is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves the stew.
the person's child is named samantha is directly left of the german.
alice is the swedish person.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the norwegian is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who likes milk.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the stew is alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is directly left of the coffee drinker.
the person who loves the stew is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
eric is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the prince smoker is eric.
the person who loves mystery books and the dane are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is alice.
the prince smoker is not in the sixth house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the prince smoker is not in the fifth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is in the second house.
carol is the person who loves mystery books.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves biography books is not in the third house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is in the first house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between arnold and the person who smokes yellow monster.
there is one house between the person who smokes many unique blends and bob.
arnold is in the third house.
there is one house between eric and the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the root beer lover.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person whose favorite color is red.
the tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and peter are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is the mother of timothy and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person residing in a victorian house.
bob is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves blue is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who likes milk is alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who goes on cultural tours and alice.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who enjoys camping trips.
eric and arnold are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of arnold.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in september is the tea drinker.
the coffee drinker is alice.
the person whose birthday is in march is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
bob is directly left of the boba tea drinker.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the person who likes milk and arnold are next to each other.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves yellow.
the person who likes milk is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a high school diploma is the tea drinker.
the british person is not in the first house.
arnold is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
alice and bob are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between arnold and the root beer lover.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the dog owner.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the bird keeper is the person who owns a honda civic.
the one who only drinks water and the person who owns a toyota camry are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the cat lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a ford f-150 and the fish enthusiast.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who is very short is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
there is one house between arnold and the person who has a cat.
alice is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
eric is the person who is tall.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the person who is very short is the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is not in the first house.
the cat lover is not in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the dog owner.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the cat lover.
the person who keeps horses is the person who is a teacher.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is tall is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is a teacher.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the rabbit owner is alice.
the fish enthusiast is carol.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who is super tall is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves mystery books is the photography enthusiast.
the one who only drinks water is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves mystery books.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between eric and the dunhill smoker.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person partial to pall mall.
arnold is the dunhill smoker.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is not in the first house.
there are two houses between eric and the person partial to pall mall.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the british person.
arnold is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric and the swedish person are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between peter and carol.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and carol are next to each other.
bob is directly left of carol.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the dunhill smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
peter is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a master's degree.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose birthday is in january.
eric is not in the first house.
bob is directly left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in march is eric.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a doctorate is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the one who only drinks water is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is peter.
the tea drinker is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is green and bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who loves purple is carol.
peter is in the third house.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
eric is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves blue.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the soup is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is arnold.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
bob is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves basketball is in the fourth house.
bob is the person who loves jazz music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and alice.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is in the fifth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is bob.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the first house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who likes milk is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
carol is the person who loves biography books.
the person who likes milk is in the fourth house.
the person who has auburn hair is directly left of eric.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has gray hair.
carol is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in april.
peter is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
the root beer lover is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and peter.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves historical fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in march.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves mystery books is in the sixth house.
bob is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
there is one house between carol and arnold.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the root beer lover.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person who has brown hair is not in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the prince smoker is the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between eric and alice.
the person who is short is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who has an average height is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who is very tall.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is not in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the dunhill smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is bob.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
there are two houses between the person who is very tall and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
arnold and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the british person is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in january.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
eric and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the third house.
there are two houses between eric and peter.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between eric and alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the third house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is in the sixth house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and bob are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is carol.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
peter and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is eric.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the dane is peter.
arnold is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the swedish person and arnold.
arnold is the prince smoker.
eric is not in the first house.
the swedish person is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the dane is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves stir fry is carol.
arnold is in the fourth house.
bob is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
alice is in the third house.
peter is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
there is one house between peter and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is the one who only drinks water.
peter is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the tea drinker is the person who loves cooking.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
arnold is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a master's degree.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person who is an artist is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves soccer is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the dane is the person who loves soccer.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
the person who is a doctor is the one who only drinks water.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who likes milk is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who is an artist and arnold are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who has black hair is the coffee drinker.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the first house.
eric is the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of eric.
bob and eric are next to each other.
the person who has black hair and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has red hair is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who has brown hair.
bob is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves romance books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has black hair is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who loves country music is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is peter.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
peter is directly left of eric.
alice is not in the fifth house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
the cat lover is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the fish enthusiast.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of bob.
carol is the person who has gray hair.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is the boba tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves pop music is not in the first house.
the root beer lover is in the second house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the coffee drinker is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is the tea drinker.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the british person.
the person who prefers city breaks is carol.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
carol is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
bob is not in the first house.
bob is not in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the norwegian and arnold are next to each other.
the dane is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the british person is not in the third house.
carol is directly left of arnold.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves historical fiction books.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and arnold.
the person who loves romance books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
carol is in the second house.
alice is the person who loves cooking.
bob is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of carol.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of bob.
the dunhill smoker is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the second house.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and peter.
the bird keeper and eric are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is the dane.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the bird keeper.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
eric is the swedish person.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september and peter are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in february and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is an artist is eric.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fifth house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person residing in a victorian house.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between the cat lover and eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and arnold are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is holly.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
bob is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the german is the person who is a pizza lover.
eric is directly left of the person who loves blue.
alice is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves stir fry is the british person.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves blue is the norwegian.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves blue.
arnold is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between the person who loves volleyball and the person who loves swimming.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who smokes many unique blends.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the prince smoker and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the sixth house.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
carol is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between the person with an associate's degree and peter.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person with a high school diploma.
bob is the person with a bachelor's degree.
carol is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves purple and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who loves blue.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves blue.
carol is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves purple is the person with a doctorate.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has a cat is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
peter is in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
arnold is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves rock music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
the person who owns a rabbit is in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between carol and alice.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is eric.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is not in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves tennis is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person who loves the stew is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a modern-style house is peter.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is directly left of peter.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves cooking.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves basketball.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who owns a dog.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who has a cat.
there are two houses between the person with an aquarium of fish and the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
alice is in the third house.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has blonde hair.
peter is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is the swedish person.
the dane is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who loves baseball.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves basketball and the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
bob is the german.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who has red hair.
the german is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves biography books is arnold.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the third house.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is bob.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
the person who loves mystery books is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who likes milk.
bob is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who is an artist is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is directly left of carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who enjoys gardening is carol.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
there are two houses between the person who paints as a hobby and the person who has an average height.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
arnold is the person who is very short.
the person who is tall and alice are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is peter.
the photography enthusiast and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is eric.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is eric.
the bird keeper is peter.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is not in the first house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
alice is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves classical music.
the person with a master's degree is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is eric.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the second house.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves rock music.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
eric is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a ford f-150.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
bob is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric are next to each other.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves biography books.
peter is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person who loves biography books.
bob is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
arnold and bob are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the dog owner.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person with a bachelor's degree.
there is one house between the person with a doctorate and the cat lover.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who keeps horses.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is the person's child is named bella.
the person with a bachelor's degree is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person's child is named samantha is bob.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the dog owner and the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the person who loves classical music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves rock music is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of peter.
eric is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who is short.
the person who loves classical music is the prince smoker.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who is a teacher.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who likes cherry smoothies and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
bob is not in the fourth house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the british person is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves white is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves classical music.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the stew.
the person who likes milk is the person with a pet hamster.
there is one house between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who has a cat.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
carol is the coffee drinker.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person's child is named alice.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person's child is named bella and bob are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is peter.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the soup.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in march is the tea drinker.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named meredith.
the root beer lover is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
carol is directly left of alice.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who has red hair.
bob and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the fourth house.
arnold is the person who has black hair.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has black hair is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
bob is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who has black hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who has brown hair.
peter is the person who has gray hair.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is the cat lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is in the fifth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
there is one house between the person's child is named alice and the person's child is named bella.
bob is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person's child is named alice is not in the sixth house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is eric.
the person who is the mother of timothy and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
carol is in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of alice.
there is one house between peter and eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who loves biography books.
peter is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves baseball.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is peter.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of arnold.
alice and the person who loves volleyball are next to each other.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the person's child is named fred.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and peter.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who has brown hair is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
eric is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fifth house.
the norwegian is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has blonde hair is the norwegian.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the dane.
there is one house between the person whose favorite color is red and the person who has black hair.
the german is in the third house.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the root beer lover is directly left of the german.
the norwegian is eric.
the british person is the person who likes milk.
peter is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the third house.
the coffee drinker is the person whose favorite color is green.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves biography books is in the second house.
eric is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of bob.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of bob.
peter is in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is eric.
alice is not in the third house.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the rabbit owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is carol.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of carol.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the dog owner is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who attended trade school is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of peter.
the swedish person is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the dane.
eric is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric is not in the first house.
peter is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who likes milk is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves tennis is the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the british person.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is bob.
the person who is very short is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who is very tall.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is directly left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is very short is the person who has gray hair.
eric is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has red hair is the person who is tall.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person who has black hair is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the one who only drinks water is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who has brown hair is carol.
the person who has an average height is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is super tall and arnold are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has a cat is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves blue is the person who has a cat.
there are two houses between the person with an aquarium of fish and eric.
the person who owns a dog is carol.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who loves white and the person who keeps a pet bird are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person who loves purple is directly left of carol.
bob is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves purple.
the person who has a cat is the british person.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves purple.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves blue is the person with a pet hamster.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is red and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
carol is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow and the german are next to each other.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the dane is the person who loves yellow.
bob is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the person who loves white.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves tennis.
the dane is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is the person with a high school diploma.
the dane is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the prince smoker.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves white.
the person who smokes blue master and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves white is the person with a master's degree.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the fourth house.
alice is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is in the third house.
the person who likes going on cruises is arnold.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fourth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is eric.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the third house.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of bob.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a toyota camry is alice.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the german is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is not in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the tea drinker are next to each other.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
eric is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is the dunhill smoker.
peter and the root beer lover are next to each other.
the prince smoker is bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who smokes blue master.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the root beer lover is in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the coffee drinker.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the boba tea drinker is the person partial to pall mall.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
alice is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the prince smoker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the prince smoker.
alice is directly left of peter.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of peter.
arnold is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves rock music is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person with a doctorate and bob are next to each other.
there is one house between carol and the person who has black hair.
peter is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person who has an average height.
alice is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
the person who has brown hair is in the second house.
the person who has an average height is in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person who is very tall.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
the person who attended trade school is the person who has red hair.
carol is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between the tea drinker and the person who is very short.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who is tall is not in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the boba tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is not in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the bird keeper is the person who loves purple.
the person in a ranch-style home is the one who only drinks water.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person in a modern-style house is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the bird keeper is the person in a ranch-style home.
the rabbit owner is in the sixth house.
the boba tea drinker is peter.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the bird keeper is carol.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the boba tea drinker.
bob is the tea drinker.
the person residing in a victorian house is the dog owner.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is not in the sixth house.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves tennis.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fifth house.
bob is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves swimming and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person who loves baseball.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named fred is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who keeps a pet bird is alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
eric is not in the second house.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who is very tall is the root beer lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the boba tea drinker is carol.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the tea drinker.
the boba tea drinker is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person who is tall and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who has an average height is directly left of arnold.
the person who is super tall and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is super tall is the tea drinker.
the person who is short is carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is in the second house.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a dog.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who owns a dog.
the one who only drinks water is the bird keeper.
alice is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is the tea drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the fish enthusiast is the coffee drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the person who loves rock music.
peter is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
eric is in the third house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
eric is in the fourth house.
bob is somewhere to the left of alice.
bob is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
arnold is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
alice is in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
there is one house between alice and carol.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who is short is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is tall.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who has an average height.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the swedish person is arnold.
the chinese is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the norwegian and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of peter.
the norwegian is eric.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
alice is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves mystery books.
alice is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
peter and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
alice is directly left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is peter.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person's child is named bella.
eric and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the tea drinker is eric.
the tea drinker is not in the second house.
the boba tea drinker is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
eric is the root beer lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who likes milk.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the right of bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves fantasy books.
the root beer lover is directly left of peter.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves romance books.
the tea drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves romance books and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves biography books and the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of eric.
the cat lover and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
eric is directly left of arnold.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
bob is not in the second house.
peter is not in the second house.
arnold is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the first house.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
eric is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the first house.
the person who loves stir fry is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves the stew is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is the person who loves the stew.
there are two houses between the person in a modern-style house and arnold.
the person who loves the stew is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person in a ranch-style home.
alice is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the cat lover is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who is a teacher is the bird keeper.
the person residing in a victorian house is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person partial to pall mall is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the first house.
the person who loves country music is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
there are two houses between the person who loves science fiction books and alice.
the person who loves biography books is eric.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of carol.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves country music.
the person who owns a dog is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is in the fifth house.
bob is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person with a doctorate.
peter is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is arnold.
there is one house between the person with a master's degree and arnold.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the fourth house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the root beer lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose favorite color is green is the coffee drinker.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves blue.
eric is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is peter.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
eric is the person's child is named fred.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
the fish enthusiast is the one who only drinks water.
the bird keeper is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the tea drinker is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
there are two houses between the watermelon smoothie lover and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who enjoys mountain retreats and arnold.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves pop music.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves rock music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
arnold and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
bob and peter are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person with a doctorate is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fifth house.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the norwegian.
there is one house between arnold and the british person.
the german and the person who loves historical fiction books are next to each other.
there is one house between the german and carol.
the swedish person is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is in the third house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the chinese is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves mystery books.
carol is somewhere to the right of alice.
arnold is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person whose mother's name is holly and eric are next to each other.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of eric.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who is an engineer is alice.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the dunhill smoker is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april and the prince smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
alice is the person who has an average height.
eric is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who is very short.
the person who is very short and alice are next to each other.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
alice is in the third house.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
eric is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is peter.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
eric is the person who is a doctor.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
alice is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the bird keeper and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is arnold.
eric is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of arnold.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is peter.
the swedish person is eric.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves pop music.
the british person is the cat lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the british person.
the dane is eric.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the photography enthusiast.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
peter is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is eric.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
alice is in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps a pet bird.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
eric and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is the bird keeper.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
there is one house between the person who has black hair and arnold.
the person who loves biography books is eric.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between bob and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is arnold.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves mystery books.
bob is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
carol is in the sixth house.
eric and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the person who loves country music is carol.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves pop music is peter.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the third house.
there is one house between peter and bob.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the third house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
eric is the prince smoker.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
peter is not in the first house.
alice is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person who owns a dog is the person's child is named fred.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of eric.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has red hair is the person who is an engineer.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has brown hair is in the fifth house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who is a doctor and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who has gray hair is in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is alice.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the first house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the sixth house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
there is one house between bob and carol.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the left of carol.
arnold is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
eric is the person who has an average height.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is tall.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person who has an average height is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who has black hair.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who has an average height.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves yellow.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the tea drinker is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person's child is named bella is in the fourth house.
carol is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the left of arnold.
bob and carol are next to each other.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named alice.
the person's child is named fred is in the fifth house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is carol.
the person who is an engineer and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
arnold is not in the first house.
peter is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is short is in the second house.
peter is directly left of bob.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is very tall is directly left of peter.
alice is directly left of the person who has an average height.
the person who is short and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who has an average height is in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of arnold.
the swedish person is the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the chinese and the person with a pet hamster.
the german is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the swedish person is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the dane is carol.
the person who owns a dog is not in the sixth house.
the swedish person is not in the sixth house.
the swedish person and peter are next to each other.
the person's child is named alice is peter.
arnold is the norwegian.
bob is somewhere to the right of the chinese.
carol is the person who owns a dog.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
there is one house between carol and the person who goes on cultural tours.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is an artist is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes milk.
the person's child is named samantha is alice.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves swimming.
eric is in the second house.
eric is directly left of peter.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves cooking.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
peter is directly left of arnold.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
eric is not in the second house.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is alice.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow and alice are next to each other.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between eric and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who is short is directly left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the first house.
the person who is short is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
there is one house between alice and the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the british person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the dane is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
eric is the norwegian.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person residing in a victorian house and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is a doctor.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person with an associate's degree.
the dane is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the dane is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the british person is the person who loves white.
peter is the cat lover.
the fish enthusiast is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the bird keeper is in the second house.
the person who is very short is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person's child is named fred is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is very short.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of alice.
the person who loves stir fry is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves pop music is arnold.
there is one house between arnold and eric.
peter is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
peter is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who owns a dog is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
peter is the cat lover.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and peter.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is not in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
the bird keeper is the person who enjoys gardening.
eric is the bird keeper.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the chinese and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is bob.
peter is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the fourth house.
the chinese is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
bob is directly left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the chinese.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the dane.
there is one house between arnold and the swedish person.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the british person.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of peter.
the person who loves yellow is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home and eric are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
peter is not in the first house.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves white is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is in the sixth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person residing in a victorian house is carol.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
bob is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the fourth house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves hip-hop music.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the one who only drinks water is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is eric.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the root beer lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves white.
the person who loves classical music and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves pop music is the root beer lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves white.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who loves white.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named bella.
the person who has an average height is the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who loves white.
alice is in the third house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is short is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is very short is the person's child is named fred.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
alice and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
peter is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is an artist is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an artist.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who is tall is alice.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who has an average height is not in the fourth house.
the person who is very tall is in the first house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
there is one house between arnold and the prince smoker.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
the prince smoker and peter are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks and peter are next to each other.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves basketball.
the person who likes going on cruises is carol.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is the person who loves swimming.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys camping trips is alice.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is arnold.
arnold is in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person who loves soccer is the person's child is named fred.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is in the first house.
peter is in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
peter is the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person with a master's degree.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who is tall is alice.
arnold is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves soccer.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who has brown hair is arnold.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves fantasy books is not in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
arnold is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves romance books and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves yellow.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
there are two houses between eric and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an engineer is not in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in march.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in january.
the bird keeper is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of bob.
the fish enthusiast is eric.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between arnold and alice.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who has red hair.
alice is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is the person who loves white.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
there is one house between the person who has brown hair and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
eric and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is arnold.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves swimming.
bob is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves baseball.
the person's child is named meredith is in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is arnold.
alice is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
the person who loves soccer is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named fred is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves country music and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves romance books is carol.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves classical music is in the second house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of eric.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is an artist is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
bob is the person who is an engineer.
peter and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who is a lawyer is arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
alice is not in the first house.
alice is not in the third house.
bob is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who has a cat and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person with a pet hamster is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a rabbit is eric.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
alice is directly left of carol.
carol is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person partial to pall mall is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of peter.
arnold and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who loves rock music is bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the sixth house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the chinese is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the norwegian.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
carol is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the german is the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dane is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the chinese.
the british person is not in the third house.
the swedish person is the person who loves pop music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the dane is the woodworking hobbyist.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the fifth house.
carol is directly left of alice.
the person in a modern-style house is eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
bob is in the first house.
bob and eric are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
alice is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has an average height is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is short.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between bob and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
alice is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a master's degree and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is somewhere to the left of eric.
bob is the person whose birthday is in march.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves rock music and carol are next to each other.
the person who loves country music is not in the sixth house.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the first house.
the person who loves rock music and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of arnold.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
carol is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
bob is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
alice is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the third house.
alice is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the fifth house.
peter is somewhere to the left of carol.
bob is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is arnold.
carol is the person who owns a honda civic.
the cat lover is in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves yellow and the cat lover.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of eric.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person in a modern-style house.
arnold and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between carol and bob.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
there are two houses between the person who loves swimming and the person who is a doctor.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves tennis.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who is an engineer.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the swedish person is the person who loves cooking.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the sixth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who loves the boquet of iris are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is peter.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is the norwegian.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of bob.
the british person is directly left of carol.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is arnold.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves mystery books is in the third house.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person with a master's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has red hair is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the third house.
peter is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the dane is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose favorite color is red is eric.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is short is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves tennis and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is not in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
eric and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of peter.
alice is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who loves white.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and eric are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
peter is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is alice.
the person who loves the vase of tulips and peter are next to each other.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is arnold.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the fifth house.
eric is directly left of peter.
bob is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter and arnold are next to each other.
bob and the person who owns a honda civic are next to each other.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who likes milk is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who is short.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person's child is named fred is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
bob is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
bob is directly left of alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person's child is named samantha.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
there are two houses between carol and peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is peter.
bob is in the fifth house.
the tea drinker is the person who uses an iphone 13.
there is one house between the dog owner and the tea drinker.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is not in the third house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the coffee drinker.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who likes milk.
peter is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person's child is named alice.
the person who keeps horses is not in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of bob.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the bird keeper is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and alice are next to each other.
bob is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who is the mother of timothy is eric.
peter is directly left of bob.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is in the third house.
eric is the person with a pet hamster.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who has a cat.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the dunhill smoker and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the prince smoker.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who has a cat.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves cooking is the person who has an average height.
alice is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the second house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person who has an average height and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person partial to pall mall is in the first house.
the prince smoker is peter.
peter is in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
arnold is in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is holly and eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the photography enthusiast is not in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the dane is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who attended trade school.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of alice.
there is one house between carol and the person with a master's degree.
arnold is directly left of bob.
the person who attended trade school and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the right of peter.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of eric.
carol and the rabbit owner are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the cat lover is not in the sixth house.
peter is in the fifth house.
the dog owner is the person who is an artist.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the bird keeper is alice.
the person who is a teacher and alice are next to each other.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person partial to pall mall.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes many unique blends and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
arnold is the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is in the third house.
bob is not in the fifth house.
alice is in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is a doctor.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
carol is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is in the sixth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
eric and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who is a teacher.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
alice is in the first house.
there is one house between arnold and the person who smokes blue master.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is very short.
the person who has black hair is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who has brown hair is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has an average height is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person partial to pall mall is the british person.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person partial to pall mall.
arnold is not in the first house.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person with a high school diploma is the cat lover.
the person's child is named bella is the cat lover.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the first house.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is arnold.
carol is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
peter is the person whose mother's name is penny.
there is one house between peter and carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is bob.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the second house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice and carol are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who has gray hair is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the third house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is a nurse is in the sixth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves volleyball is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
there are two houses between the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
alice is the person with a bachelor's degree.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a doctorate.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
there is one house between eric and the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of peter.
the person who has red hair is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of eric.
the bird keeper is bob.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the rabbit owner.
eric is in the first house.
alice is the cat lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the rabbit owner.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who keeps horses.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the second house.
alice is not in the sixth house.
carol is the fish enthusiast.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves cooking.
the person in a ranch-style home is alice.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who owns a toyota camry.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between the person who enjoys gardening and arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the fifth house.
alice is not in the third house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a toyota camry is bob.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of eric.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is alice.
the person who loves romance books is alice.
the person who loves biography books is bob.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between eric and peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is carol.
the person who loves science fiction books and the person who uses a huawei p50 are next to each other.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves fantasy books are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the british person is directly left of eric.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
eric is the chinese.
the tea drinker is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the german is in the second house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the root beer lover is directly left of the norwegian.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the cat lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is not in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is arnold.
bob is directly left of peter.
peter is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is tall.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the dunhill smoker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who is super tall is alice.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves volleyball is in the first house.
peter and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who is short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves swimming is carol.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is super tall.
the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
eric is in the second house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the dane is arnold.
the british person is alice.
alice is in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
alice is in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the first house.
the boba tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who likes milk is bob.
the person who loves the soup is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the root beer lover is the person who is short.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the soup is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the coffee drinker.
bob and the one who only drinks water are next to each other.
the person who loves the stew is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who is very short.
carol is in the fifth house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person residing in a victorian house.
the british person is the person who loves beach vacations.
the dane is arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the tea drinker.
the dane is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who has blonde hair and the british person are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the swedish person is arnold.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the swedish person is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the one who only drinks water.
the person who keeps horses is the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is the bird keeper.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
peter is in the third house.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the person who is very short is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is short.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of carol.
there are two houses between the person who loves volleyball and the person who has an average height.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a toyota camry are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who is super tall.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves swimming.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person who loves baseball is in the fifth house.
eric is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
the person who has an average height is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who is a doctor and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is peter.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is not in the second house.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the stew is arnold.
the person who is an artist is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
alice is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the dane is eric.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
there is one house between eric and the tea drinker.
the person who likes milk is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the dane.
the desert smoothie lover is the swedish person.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person's child is named samantha and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person's child is named fred.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person who has a cat is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves the stew.
the person who has blonde hair is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is carol.
the person who has black hair is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of bob.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is arnold.
the person who is tall is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who has red hair is eric.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person who has blonde hair is carol.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who has red hair.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who is very tall.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is eric.
the tea drinker is the cat lover.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the tea drinker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the second house.
the person who has a cat is alice.
peter is not in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is in the second house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is eric.
alice is in the third house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is eric.
arnold is the person who has black hair.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of peter.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
bob is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is an artist.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the rabbit owner.
the person who loves rock music is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
peter and the cat lover are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is in the third house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the second house.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
peter is directly left of the person who has a cat.
bob is in the first house.
peter is directly left of arnold.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
alice is directly left of bob.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys knitting.
eric is in the sixth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person with an associate's degree and the person who loves volleyball.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves baseball.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who has a cat is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
there are two houses between alice and the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has red hair is directly left of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between peter and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has red hair and the person in a ranch-style home are next to each other.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is a pizza lover.
eric is the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is bob.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a rabbit is arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves basketball.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the second house.
eric and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of eric.
peter is in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the tea drinker.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who is tall is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is arnold.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the cat lover is bob.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps horses is in the fifth house.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is in the first house.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who is an artist.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves white.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves white is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who is tall is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the dunhill smoker.
bob is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is very short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of peter.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who has an average height is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the photography enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is short is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is alice.
peter is in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of eric.
carol is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
bob is directly left of peter.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
there is one house between eric and alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who has brown hair and alice are next to each other.
alice is the person who has red hair.
there are two houses between the person who has brown hair and the person who has blonde hair.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person who loves volleyball is in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of carol.
carol is not in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is bob.
there is one house between the person who loves swimming and the person who loves basketball.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves swimming is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is the person whose birthday is in april.
peter is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is not in the third house.
the prince smoker is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves classical music is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves pop music.
peter is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of eric.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the photography enthusiast is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fourth house.
the german is eric.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the british person is the dog owner.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the german.
the person who has a cat is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the swedish person and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the swedish person is peter.
the dane is in the second house.
eric and the cat lover are next to each other.
the german is in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the bird keeper.
the person's child is named samantha is in the second house.
arnold is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves classical music is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves white.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves white is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person who has a cat is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
peter is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of eric.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
eric is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is in the third house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who attended trade school.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the sixth house.
bob is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
eric is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of arnold.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the norwegian is peter.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
alice is the british person.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
there is one house between the person's child is named fred and the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the fifth house.
the person who has red hair is not in the third house.
there is one house between eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has red hair.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who has black hair is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is short.
the person who is short is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the boba tea drinker is alice.
arnold is directly left of the coffee drinker.
peter and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a nurse.
carol is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a lawyer is carol.
bob is the one who only drinks water.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is not in the sixth house.
the person who is a teacher is the root beer lover.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
arnold is the cat lover.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
eric is somewhere to the right of the bird keeper.
there is one house between arnold and alice.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who is a doctor.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of alice.
eric is the person who is very short.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is holly and the person who has an average height are next to each other.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
alice is not in the fourth house.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the coffee drinker is in the third house.
peter is the tea drinker.
the person who loves basketball is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who loves tennis.
there are two houses between alice and the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the tea drinker.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who likes milk.
the person who has brown hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has brown hair.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of alice.
the tea drinker is peter.
eric is the person who has brown hair.
eric is not in the third house.
alice is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has blonde hair is the prince smoker.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fourth house.
the dunhill smoker is in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is alice.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves swimming is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
alice is in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person with a doctorate.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves volleyball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
alice is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves rock music and the person with a bachelor's degree.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of carol.
eric is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves volleyball are next to each other.
peter is the person who loves tennis.
the person with a doctorate is peter.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves jazz music is eric.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves jazz music.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves rock music is carol.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
there are two houses between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
alice is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves basketball is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the dog owner is not in the first house.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the bird keeper is directly left of the cat lover.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an engineer is alice.
the fish enthusiast is in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
bob is the person who is a teacher.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves romance books is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a dog is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who has a cat is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in april.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of eric.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the rabbit owner is the person whose birthday is in january.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
there is one house between peter and the rabbit owner.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of carol.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of carol.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the third house.
bob is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the rabbit owner is the desert smoothie lover.
arnold is the prince smoker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who keeps horses is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the bird keeper.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named fred and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
eric is the swedish person.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the dane.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is not in the third house.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
arnold is the person who loves rock music.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is the person's child is named fred.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has an average height and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very tall.
the person with a master's degree is bob.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person with a doctorate is directly left of alice.
the person with a master's degree is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is the person who is tall.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
arnold is the person with a doctorate.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of eric.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the norwegian and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the german is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
arnold and the dane are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person who loves mystery books.
the swedish person is alice.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves biography books.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the first house.
peter is the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person's child is named meredith.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
bob is not in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the soup is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person with a doctorate.
the coffee drinker is the person with a high school diploma.
there are two houses between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person with an associate's degree.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
the dunhill smoker and bob are next to each other.
there are two houses between alice and the boba tea drinker.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who attended trade school is the prince smoker.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves stir fry.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between the person partial to pall mall and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the dunhill smoker.
alice is the tea drinker.
arnold is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person with a master's degree is peter.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a dog.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who likes milk is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and the person who loves classical music.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person who has a cat and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the tea drinker.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the tea drinker and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the cat lover is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who loves the stew.
the person residing in a victorian house and the bird keeper are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
the cat lover is arnold.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
arnold is the cat lover.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
eric is the british person.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
peter and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the first house.
the person who has a cat is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the root beer lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in march.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in january and peter.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the person who likes milk is not in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
there is one house between the tea drinker and the coffee drinker.
eric is in the third house.
eric is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between the person who is a pizza lover and peter.
the prince smoker is arnold.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person with an associate's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who smokes blue master.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves yellow.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves purple is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves science fiction books is the prince smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
eric is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person residing in a victorian house is alice.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person whose mother's name is kailyn are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves white.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves soccer.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who is very short is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the bird keeper.
peter is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the cat lover is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named bella.
arnold and the person with an associate's degree are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the bird keeper.
the person with a master's degree is the fish enthusiast.
the person with a high school diploma is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who has red hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person with an associate's degree.
bob is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who paints as a hobby is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who has red hair is the person who enjoys gardening.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person who enjoys camping trips is carol.
bob is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice and carol are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
alice is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who goes on cultural tours is peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the fourth house.
peter and alice are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who loves yellow.
the person who is an artist is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a honda civic is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who paints as a hobby.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is an artist.
the person who has a cat is the person who is an engineer.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person with an associate's degree is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
the person with an associate's degree is in the fourth house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person in a ranch-style home.
bob is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is very short is the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person who is very short.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is short and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves beach vacations.
there are two houses between the person who smokes blue master and the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is tall is not in the first house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is very tall is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who smokes blue master.
bob is in the first house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who has an average height is the person who prefers city breaks.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who is very tall is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
carol is the dunhill smoker.
the coffee drinker is in the first house.
arnold is in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the bird keeper is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the dog owner.
the fish enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who likes milk and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
alice is the person who is tall.
peter is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the coffee drinker is the person who is short.
there is one house between the person with a master's degree and the person with a high school diploma.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of alice.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is the person who owns a dog.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who owns a dog.
bob is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves romance books.
alice is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who owns a rabbit is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
the person who has red hair is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and eric.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has auburn hair is carol.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the first house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves tennis and peter are next to each other.
bob is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who loves tennis.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
carol is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves beach vacations are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is bob.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
eric is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the first house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who has a cat is in the third house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
the root beer lover is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who has a cat is bob.
peter is the person with a pet hamster.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who has a cat.
the coffee drinker is not in the fifth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a dog.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who prefers city breaks is the british person.
alice and eric are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is peter.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who owns a dog is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
eric is the person who has a cat.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the british person is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
arnold and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
eric is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has red hair and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
peter is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose birthday is in january is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who has blonde hair is eric.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person who is very short is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the fourth house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who prefers city breaks and eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the third house.
the person who is short is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves pop music is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
arnold is not in the third house.
eric is in the first house.
carol is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the root beer lover is the person who loves hip-hop music.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who is a nurse.
the tea drinker is not in the sixth house.
the person who is a doctor is the root beer lover.
the person who loves fantasy books is alice.
bob is directly left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person with an associate's degree is bob.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves biography books is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of arnold.
bob is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
eric is directly left of alice.
the person who loves classical music is eric.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is not in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
arnold is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is short is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who is very short.
the person who is short is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has an average height is in the first house.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the dane.
eric is not in the second house.
bob is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with a pet hamster.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the photography enthusiast and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person with an aquarium of fish and the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the photography enthusiast is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of eric.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person who has an average height is eric.
peter is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who is short and peter.
the person who is very short is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person in a modern-style house and the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
alice is in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person in a modern-style house and alice.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between peter and bob.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the bird keeper and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
eric is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the prince smoker.
eric is somewhere to the right of peter.
the coffee drinker and the one who only drinks water are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the coffee drinker.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who likes milk and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is alice.
the one who only drinks water is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
arnold is not in the third house.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
arnold and eric are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the first house.
alice is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is in the first house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the cat lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
alice is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
eric is not in the second house.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person in a modern-style house is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
carol is not in the fourth house.
arnold is in the first house.
there is one house between carol and alice.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the fourth house.
carol is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is eric.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the cat lover is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between carol and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with a pet hamster.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the dog owner and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is penny and bob.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person with a pet hamster is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the rabbit owner.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who smokes yellow monster is eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is carol.
the person who keeps horses is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of peter.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is alice.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves white.
the person who loves white is the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the british person is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the boba tea drinker.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
the person who is very tall is bob.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
carol is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has an average height is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is bob.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
eric is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is the root beer lover.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the boba tea drinker.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
carol is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who owns a dog is alice.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fourth house.
the person who has a cat is directly left of peter.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves mystery books.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who prefers city breaks is the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named fred is bob.
carol is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person's child is named samantha.
there is one house between bob and alice.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named alice.
arnold is the person who owns a honda civic.
there are two houses between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who has a cat is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in april.
there are two houses between arnold and bob.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is the person with a pet hamster.
eric is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who loves beach vacations.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person's child is named fred is in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who likes going on cruises.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person in a craftsman-style house and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves soccer.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is not in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball and peter are next to each other.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the dane.
the person who is a teacher is the person in a craftsman-style house.
bob is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person residing in a victorian house and eric.
the cat lover is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the dog owner is not in the first house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the sixth house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
the fish enthusiast is the person in a ranch-style home.
the bird keeper is the person in a modern-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who is a lawyer is arnold.
the dog owner is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february is eric.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the dog owner is somewhere to the left of peter.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person whose birthday is in january.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes milk is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fourth house.
peter is in the fifth house.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves country music is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
bob is the person who loves jazz music.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a nurse is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between bob and the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is not in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves country music.
the person who loves classical music is alice.
the person who is a nurse is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is directly left of the prince smoker.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the prince smoker.
peter is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves cooking.
the person partial to pall mall is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person who is very short is not in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in september is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who smokes blue master.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the prince smoker and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves mystery books is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person's child is named fred is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has black hair and alice are next to each other.
bob is directly left of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
alice is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who has black hair is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has a cat is the person who has brown hair.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves biography books is the desert smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves country music.
the rabbit owner is in the third house.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the cat lover.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the dunhill smoker and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is arnold.
the person who likes going on cruises is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the fifth house.
eric is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and peter.
alice is not in the first house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the fourth house.
alice is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is arnold.
there is one house between arnold and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic and arnold are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the third house.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the swedish person is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the swedish person and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is eric.
the british person is in the third house.
eric is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the dane is the person who is an engineer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the swedish person is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has black hair.
carol is somewhere to the left of eric.
peter is in the first house.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the third house.
bob is not in the sixth house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who has brown hair and the person who has auburn hair.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the tea drinker is not in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is in the first house.
the prince smoker is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of eric.
there are two houses between alice and the person who is an artist.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of bob.
the person who is a lawyer is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse is carol.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who enjoys camping trips.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is directly left of alice.
the person who loves rock music is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose favorite color is red.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves rock music is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves pop music.
alice is directly left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the fourth house.
arnold is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between peter and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves cooking is in the third house.
bob is not in the third house.
there is one house between the woodworking hobbyist and carol.
alice is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person whose mother's name is holly.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the coffee drinker.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and the tea drinker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has a cat.
the root beer lover is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves the stew.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
carol is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between the desert smoothie lover and peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of arnold.
carol is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the cat lover is bob.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is a pizza lover.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the person who loves stir fry.
arnold is the rabbit owner.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has an average height is in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is very short is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who owns a toyota camry is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves white.
the coffee drinker is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes milk.
there is one house between arnold and the person who is short.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
arnold is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who likes milk.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves tennis.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is short is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is short and the person who is very short.
arnold and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who owns a dog.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who loves cooking.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves tennis is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is tall is not in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves the soup is the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person with a doctorate is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is carol.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person who has an average height.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who is super tall.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who attended trade school.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
alice is the person who loves basketball.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and bob.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
arnold is in the second house.
alice is directly left of carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person's child is named bella.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves jazz music is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys knitting is bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who has auburn hair.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who loves country music.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the desert smoothie lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the cat lover is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the right of the rabbit owner.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the norwegian.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
peter is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the dane is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the british person.
there is one house between alice and the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the german is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the norwegian.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who loves classical music.
the bird keeper is the person who loves cooking.
the cat lover is directly left of bob.
eric is not in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the german.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is short is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
carol is the person who loves yellow.
alice is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is red and bob.
alice is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is directly left of bob.
bob is somewhere to the left of carol.
bob is directly left of the person who loves purple.
eric is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves romance books is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the prince smoker and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
there is one house between the prince smoker and the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of arnold.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the bird keeper.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
there are two houses between the person who has red hair and the person who has black hair.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the fourth house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person's child is named meredith.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves basketball is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the bird keeper.
bob is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who owns a toyota camry.
there are two houses between the person who owns a honda civic and bob.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fourth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the third house.
peter is the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the cat lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who keeps horses.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who has brown hair is eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves romance books is the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
carol is not in the third house.
there is one house between the dane and the british person.
carol is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is directly left of alice.
alice is the german.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is bob.
the dane is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
peter is the british person.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the norwegian is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the chinese.
arnold is not in the first house.
alice is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
peter is directly left of alice.
arnold is the person's child is named bella.
eric is not in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the fifth house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is not in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and arnold are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who keeps horses.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between eric and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a honda civic and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the person who owns a honda civic and arnold are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is bob.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who has gray hair.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby and arnold are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between alice and peter.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves cooking is arnold.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of peter.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dane and the british person are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the dane.
bob is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
alice is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the third house.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person who is an artist is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who is a teacher.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is arnold.
there is one house between the person who is very tall and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who is short is in the fourth house.
alice is not in the third house.
eric is directly left of bob.
the person who is tall is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who is very short is in the sixth house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is super tall is in the third house.
there are two houses between eric and carol.
peter is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
eric is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves blue is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who loves purple.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a modern-style house is arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
alice and peter are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the cat lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who loves white.
peter is the person whose favorite color is green.
the bird keeper is eric.
the photography enthusiast is the british person.
arnold is directly left of the british person.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the swedish person is the desert smoothie lover.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
the person who likes milk is bob.
the boba tea drinker is alice.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the root beer lover.
the tea drinker and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
bob is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the tea drinker.
carol is the person who loves country music.
the person who loves jazz music is peter.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who likes milk.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who owns a toyota camry.
arnold is the tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is in the third house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the root beer lover.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is alice.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the root beer lover is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who owns a honda civic and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
bob is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the photography enthusiast is the tea drinker.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
eric is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast and the person who likes milk are next to each other.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fifth house.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
peter and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the right of bob.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
alice is in the first house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the second house.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who likes milk is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between peter and the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
carol is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves blue is not in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
carol and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is bob.
alice is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who loves purple is directly left of carol.
alice is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves tennis is in the second house.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the first house.
the person who has red hair is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who loves the stew is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who has black hair.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person with a master's degree and the person who loves mystery books are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is peter.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is not in the first house.
alice is directly left of bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is the british person.
alice is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who loves blue is the dane.
eric is the person who loves purple.
carol is in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves yellow.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
peter is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has blonde hair and bob are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who has black hair is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september is carol.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
alice is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
eric and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the fifth house.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is an artist.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who enjoys gardening and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is a teacher is in the third house.
alice is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books and bob are next to each other.
carol is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of alice.
the person who loves biography books is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is an artist.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves basketball is the british person.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the norwegian is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the norwegian.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who has a cat is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
eric is in the fourth house.
there is one house between arnold and the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the cat lover and peter.
peter is in the third house.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree and eric are next to each other.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who is a doctor is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
bob is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of alice.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves the stew is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person with an associate's degree.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the third house.
eric is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a doctorate is in the third house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who likes going on cruises is alice.
there is one house between the person with a high school diploma and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a bachelor's degree and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of peter.
there is one house between the person who enjoys camping trips and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is arnold.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is the prince smoker.
arnold is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who is short.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person partial to pall mall.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of arnold.
carol is the rabbit owner.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of carol.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the bird keeper and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
alice is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
eric is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is in the second house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is in the third house.
bob is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is bob.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the fourth house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is the fish enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves cooking is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dog owner.
the person with a high school diploma is alice.
peter is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the prince smoker.
peter is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves swimming.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of arnold.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves blue is carol.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is not in the sixth house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in may and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves purple is the person whose birthday is in april.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
peter is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
there are two houses between bob and peter.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who uses an iphone 13.
arnold is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
peter is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is the person who has an average height.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the first house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is peter.
arnold is in the fifth house.
the person who is short is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who owns a honda civic is not in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
alice is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who is tall.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
bob is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves white is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose favorite color is green are next to each other.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the cat lover.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves white is the person who loves tennis.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
alice is not in the fifth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person who owns a toyota camry is bob.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of arnold.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
there is one house between arnold and bob.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person who owns a honda civic and the person who owns a toyota camry are next to each other.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice is not in the fifth house.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
alice and bob are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is alice.
the person's child is named fred is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is eric.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who is short.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is alice.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the chinese is the person who loves pop music.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves classical music is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of bob.
carol is the british person.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves rock music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the german.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who attended trade school and the chinese are next to each other.
the person who loves jazz music is arnold.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves pop music is not in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is peter.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the second house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
arnold is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves white is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is an artist is alice.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is the root beer lover.
there are two houses between the person who is an engineer and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
eric is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is an artist.
carol is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who is a lawyer is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
eric is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is short is the prince smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is short are next to each other.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
bob is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves cooking is the person whose birthday is in may.
the woodworking hobbyist and the person whose birthday is in march are next to each other.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
peter and the person who paints as a hobby are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person whose birthday is in february is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the photography enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover and arnold are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves white.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
eric and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person who is very short is the person who has black hair.
bob is the person who loves blue.
the person who is tall is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves blue is the person who has blonde hair.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is directly left of carol.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the sixth house.
alice and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and bob.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the third house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the second house.
there are two houses between arnold and bob.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of peter.
the person whose favorite color is red and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is in the third house.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and arnold.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who is an artist.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
bob is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person's child is named meredith is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the first house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is a doctor.
eric is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in april.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is eric.
the photography enthusiast is not in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
eric is directly left of carol.
the person who loves pop music is not in the third house.
eric is the person who loves country music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the coffee drinker is bob.
the person who smokes many unique blends is peter.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who smokes yellow monster.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves the soup is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves the stew.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves soccer.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
eric is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves pop music.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the dog owner is arnold.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of bob.
there is one house between the bird keeper and peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who has an average height and peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is very tall.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is tall is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves stir fry is directly left of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person who is super tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who loves white is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a ranch-style home.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is eric.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
peter is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves rock music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves hip-hop music.
there are two houses between arnold and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
carol is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves country music is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
bob is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves baseball.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in february and peter.
eric is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of peter.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
eric is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of carol.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is in the fifth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
bob is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who is very short is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who is a pizza lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves soccer is in the sixth house.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the photography enthusiast is the person who smokes yellow monster.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of alice.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves soccer is the prince smoker.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the third house.
the person who has auburn hair is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the dunhill smoker is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves baseball is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
eric is in the sixth house.
carol and eric are next to each other.
peter is in the first house.
bob is in the third house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the fifth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who loves beach vacations is peter.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is carol.
the rabbit owner is bob.
the rabbit owner is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the cat lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the dog owner.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in may and the person whose mother's name is sarah are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the cat lover.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in march and the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the second house.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the right of the person who goes on cultural tours.
carol is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves rock music is eric.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the british person is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is not in the first house.
the british person and eric are next to each other.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
eric is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves yellow.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who paints as a hobby and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is alice.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
alice is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the third house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
arnold is the dunhill smoker.
bob is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
there is one house between the prince smoker and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a toyota camry is arnold.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person who enjoys knitting and alice.
alice is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the second house.
there is one house between bob and alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves hip-hop music.
arnold and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fifth house.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the one who only drinks water.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves swimming is in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of alice.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the root beer lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is alice.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who owns a ford f-150.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of alice.
alice is in the third house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the fifth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who owns a dog.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named bella.
the person who has an average height and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
alice is the person who has a cat.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person's child is named fred is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who is very tall is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who has red hair is directly left of eric.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair is the person's child is named fred.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves stir fry is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves blue is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is arnold.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who owns a dog and the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between the person who owns a ford f-150 and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who has a cat.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
arnold and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there are two houses between peter and the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has brown hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
arnold is in the first house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the photography enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the swedish person is the person who has black hair.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the second house.
the british person and arnold are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who has red hair.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the swedish person is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is not in the first house.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the root beer lover is the german.
the tea drinker is the swedish person.
the swedish person is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is the prince smoker.
eric and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the swedish person.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the tea drinker.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold and peter are next to each other.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a ford f-150.
eric is the person who prefers city breaks.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is the person who is tall.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height is eric.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the third house.
bob is the person who is short.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
arnold is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the bird keeper.
the dog owner is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
peter is in the third house.
eric is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the british person is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is red is alice.
bob is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves blue is eric.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves the stew.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves stir fry.
the person with a doctorate and the person who loves white are next to each other.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the swedish person is not in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dane is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the fifth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and peter.
the person who enjoys knitting is eric.
peter is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of bob.
there is one house between bob and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the first house.
alice is in the sixth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is eric.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is not in the second house.
there is one house between carol and the woodworking hobbyist.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
carol is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the person who loves cooking and eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose birthday is in february is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who paints as a hobby.
alice is in the first house.
the person who is very short is eric.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of alice.
bob is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves biography books.
arnold is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves science fiction books.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
alice is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the fifth house.
peter is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves romance books is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who is a teacher.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a lawyer is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
arnold is not in the first house.
bob is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the soup is in the fourth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is in the sixth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves stir fry is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves stir fry.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person with a master's degree is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who has black hair is in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who has red hair.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person who has blonde hair and peter are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in february.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who loves basketball.
the person who has black hair is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
bob is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who is a lawyer.
peter is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the dane is eric.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
carol is in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and eric.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming is not in the third house.
the person who loves volleyball is not in the sixth house.
bob is in the sixth house.
eric is the person who loves swimming.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of eric.
the person who loves white is in the first house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is peter.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is peter.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves white.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves pop music.
the person partial to pall mall is the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the third house.
the person who loves classical music is in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
eric is in the second house.
arnold is the person who is short.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who has an average height.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of peter.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between peter and bob.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
the person who has an average height is carol.
the person who is very short is eric.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who owns a toyota camry.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is carol.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
carol is the person who loves cooking.
eric is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves cooking is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who enjoys knitting.
the swedish person is directly left of the dog owner.
there are two houses between the dog owner and the british person.
the dane is the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is the cat lover.
bob is the bird keeper.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the norwegian is alice.
the person who has brown hair is not in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is bob.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a doctor.
bob is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is a doctor and bob are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of alice.
arnold is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
bob is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who has brown hair and carol are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves rock music is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
peter is the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
eric is the person who likes milk.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
peter is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
there are two houses between the person who has an average height and the person who is short.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is very short is the person whose mother's name is penny.
eric and the person who has gray hair are next to each other.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who has red hair is peter.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who is short.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the third house.
alice is the british person.
there is one house between eric and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the chinese is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves mystery books is the british person.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
carol is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the swedish person.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
bob is in the fifth house.
carol is in the second house.
the norwegian and alice are next to each other.
the swedish person is not in the fifth house.
the german and the norwegian are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the british person is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves romance books is eric.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who is a lawyer.
alice is the person partial to pall mall.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the german is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is tall is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
peter is the person who is short.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
there are two houses between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves stir fry.
the person who has an average height is in the second house.
the prince smoker is the person who is a doctor.
the swedish person is the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves stir fry.
there is one house between the british person and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is very tall is the norwegian.
the dane is the person who is short.
the person who is very tall is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is very tall.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
bob is directly left of the person who is tall.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is the person who is very tall.
there is one house between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who is short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who is tall is arnold.
the person who is super tall is in the first house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is carol.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is short is in the sixth house.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is in the second house.
the person who loves biography books is in the first house.
bob and peter are next to each other.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books is in the fourth house.
peter is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
bob is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the person whose favorite color is green.
carol is in the third house.
carol is the person who owns a rabbit.
arnold is in the fifth house.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fourth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
bob is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who is a lawyer is the person with a pet hamster.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves pop music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named bella.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is tall.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is not in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the fish enthusiast is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is not in the first house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who has an average height.
there is one house between the person who is very short and the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a master's degree and peter are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is eric.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who likes going on cruises is peter.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is bob.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is short is directly left of arnold.
the person who is very tall is arnold.
bob is directly left of the person who has an average height.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the person who is a doctor and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the first house.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the third house.
alice is the person who loves romance books.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fourth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is the person who has red hair.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who has black hair is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the first house.
the norwegian is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the dane is not in the third house.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the swedish person and the norwegian are next to each other.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of arnold.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person with a master's degree.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the british person.
the norwegian and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
alice is the german.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the third house.
arnold and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the british person.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
there is one house between the boba tea drinker and bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who goes on cultural tours is carol.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the coffee drinker is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the sixth house.
the one who only drinks water and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
bob is not in the third house.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
alice and the person who owns a honda civic are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and carol.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the third house.
eric is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves beach vacations.
eric is directly left of arnold.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the dane is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the british person is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is red is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
peter and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
bob is the person who loves white.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fourth house.
arnold is the person who loves purple.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
bob is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green is eric.
carol is in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and alice.
there is one house between peter and alice.
alice is not in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the dane.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and arnold.
arnold is the swedish person.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
bob is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
bob is the person's child is named fred.
peter is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fourth house.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is alice.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves cooking.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in january.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person with a master's degree is the person who paints as a hobby.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves cooking is alice.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is very short is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is short is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a doctor is the dane.
eric is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the german.
bob is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
the swedish person is in the second house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
alice is the person who has red hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the british person.
the person who has red hair is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who is an engineer and the british person are next to each other.
there is one house between arnold and the person who has red hair.
the one who only drinks water is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the dane.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is arnold.
the dane is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the swedish person is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a dog is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is in the first house.
carol is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between bob and the person who is very tall.
the person who is super tall is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who is very tall.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person who is short is not in the first house.
the person who is short is not in the third house.
the person who is short is directly left of eric.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who is tall is alice.
carol is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who is super tall and eric.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves blue.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series are next to each other.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
bob is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
bob is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the third house.
eric is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves yellow.
there are two houses between the person who loves purple and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves purple is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the sixth house.
carol is the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is bob.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the sixth house.
eric is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a ford f-150.
eric is the person who enjoys gardening.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who loves cooking.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the soup is the person whose birthday is in may.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person who loves stir fry.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is arnold.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the second house.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is bob.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the british person and peter are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves classical music is in the second house.
there is one house between the british person and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves rock music is the norwegian.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
the norwegian is arnold.
the dane and the person who loves white are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves rock music.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the british person is the person who owns a dog.
the dane is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is an artist is in the third house.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person who is short is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is a lawyer are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has an average height is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who is tall is the person who is an engineer.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the norwegian.
the person who loves beach vacations and peter are next to each other.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves purple and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person who loves rock music.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
bob is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves white is the person who loves historical fiction books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the british person.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the dane.
eric is the tea drinker.
the british person is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
bob is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is not in the fourth house.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is bob.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who smokes blue master are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves fantasy books are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who smokes yellow monster are next to each other.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
eric is the dunhill smoker.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who smokes blue master is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named alice is the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between alice and arnold.
bob is the person's child is named meredith.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person partial to pall mall is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the desert smoothie lover.
eric and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
there is one house between peter and the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of alice.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the boba tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
carol is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the boba tea drinker.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a ford f-150.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
there are two houses between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
bob is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is bob.
the person who has brown hair is the one who only drinks water.
eric is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who has brown hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has gray hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who likes going on cruises.
the coffee drinker is the prince smoker.
the coffee drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
eric is the tea drinker.
the prince smoker is in the third house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is peter.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has blonde hair.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
bob is the boba tea drinker.
the root beer lover is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who likes milk.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is bob.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is in the sixth house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in may is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is bob.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred and the person who loves the boquet of lilies are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is the mother of timothy is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
there is one house between bob and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves yellow is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves white.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves white is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves swimming.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves blue is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves basketball.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
peter is in the second house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is eric.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of bob.
the cat lover is peter.
there are two houses between the dog owner and the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the second house.
the cat lover is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the rabbit owner.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is the desert smoothie lover.
carol is the bird keeper.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is the cat lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who keeps horses is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes milk.
the dog owner is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the root beer lover is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the one who only drinks water.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the third house.
the british person is the person who loves historical fiction books.
bob is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the british person.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who owns a dog.
alice is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the british person is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is the swedish person.
the prince smoker is the chinese.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
the british person is alice.
the norwegian is the person who loves biography books.
the dane and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is green is eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves white.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
bob and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the cat lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the bird keeper.
the person who is a lawyer is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dog owner.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who is a lawyer.
arnold is not in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person with a doctorate is bob.
the person who attended trade school is not in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who attended trade school.
alice is not in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is carol.
the person with a doctorate is not in the first house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who attended trade school.
arnold is in the fifth house.
there is one house between bob and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is eric.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of eric.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
the person who has blonde hair and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the swedish person.
the person whose birthday is in april is the british person.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the swedish person.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
the person who loves pop music is in the first house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves soccer are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves tennis.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a doctor and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is carol.
alice is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a teacher is alice.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is very short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who is very short.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
peter is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves pop music is in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
eric is directly left of alice.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of alice.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the bird keeper.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
carol is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person in a mediterranean-style villa and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who attended trade school is the cat lover.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who attended trade school are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
alice and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of eric.
the dog owner is bob.
there are two houses between the prince smoker and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves white is bob.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves mystery books and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the soup is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves stir fry is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
bob is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of arnold.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is short.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose birthday is in may are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the person who owns a toyota camry.
peter is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is very short.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is super tall.
the person who is tall is bob.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is short.
carol is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the person whose birthday is in january.
eric is the coffee drinker.
the tea drinker is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fourth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
arnold is the person who loves cooking.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
there is one house between bob and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the root beer lover.
the photography enthusiast is the one who only drinks water.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the prince smoker.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who loves stir fry.
the tea drinker is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the coffee drinker.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves the stew is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who is an artist.
there is one house between alice and the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a dog.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is not in the second house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person in a craftsman-style house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
alice is in the third house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who has a cat is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
bob is the person who has a cat.
there is one house between eric and the person who is tall.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who is super tall.
the person who is very tall is alice.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
there is one house between the person who is super tall and carol.
the person who owns a dog is not in the sixth house.
the person who is short is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is tall and the person who uses a huawei p50 are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of peter.
peter is directly left of the person who is tall.
carol is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
peter and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is eric.
bob and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
the person who is tall is carol.
the person with a master's degree is the person with a pet hamster.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who is very tall.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who is super tall is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree and the watermelon smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who attended trade school.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
peter is in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves yellow.
arnold is directly left of eric.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the dunhill smoker is in the second house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves swimming.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who is a teacher and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves tennis and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is alice.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a honda civic is not in the first house.
peter is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a doctor.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves swimming.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
eric and alice are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who keeps horses is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves soccer.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves basketball is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the bird keeper.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has an average height.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
peter is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named alice is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the sixth house.
the person who attended trade school is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves baseball and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
bob is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves volleyball is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person with a high school diploma.
the british person is bob.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is the swedish person.
the fish enthusiast is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the german.
the cat lover is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a pet hamster is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person who smokes many unique blends.
peter and arnold are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who has a cat.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a dog is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is arnold.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who is very short is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who is very tall and the dog owner are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who has an average height.
the cat lover is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is very short is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who has red hair.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person who has red hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is super tall is not in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who has black hair.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who is tall.
bob and the fish enthusiast are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the prince smoker is peter.
there is one house between the person who has blonde hair and the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of alice.
the person who is super tall is eric.
the person who is short is the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the person who is short and the person who has auburn hair are next to each other.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named meredith is arnold.
the person's child is named fred is in the first house.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
there is one house between the person partial to pall mall and the person who loves mystery books.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books is the dunhill smoker.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the person who loves fantasy books is not in the fourth house.
the prince smoker and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
alice is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the bird keeper.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
there are two houses between the dog owner and bob.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of bob.
alice is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the cat lover is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma and arnold are next to each other.
alice is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves cooking is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and eric.
the fish enthusiast and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
peter and the person whose birthday is in february are next to each other.
bob is not in the third house.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person whose birthday is in january is the bird keeper.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall and arnold are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
peter is directly left of arnold.
peter is the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who has brown hair is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves classical music.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is very short is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of eric.
alice and the person in a ranch-style home are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves basketball is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves tennis.
eric is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
peter is in the third house.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person with an associate's degree is peter.
arnold and peter are next to each other.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of peter.
alice and peter are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who has red hair is in the third house.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who keeps horses and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves cooking is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who keeps horses.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks and alice are next to each other.
there are two houses between bob and carol.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of carol.
peter is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
alice is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who loves blue is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who is an artist is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
bob is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves biography books.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is carol.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and eric.
eric is the person who loves historical fiction books.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and alice.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
peter and eric are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the second house.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves mystery books.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves white.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves swimming and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves tennis and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the person's child is named bella is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
there is one house between alice and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the dane and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the swedish person.
the swedish person is arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the norwegian.
the norwegian is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the desert smoothie lover is the german.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is bob.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the right of eric.
peter and carol are next to each other.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the norwegian.
the dane is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is not in the third house.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the dane is in the first house.
the german is in the sixth house.
the chinese is not in the fifth house.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric is the tea drinker.
arnold and the prince smoker are next to each other.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who likes milk is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the swedish person is the person who is an artist.
the dane is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dane is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is peter.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the norwegian is in the third house.
arnold is the british person.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
arnold is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of arnold.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person with a master's degree is the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is alice.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and alice.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in february.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the british person.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the german.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the british person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
bob is the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the cat lover.
arnold is in the fifth house.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is peter.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the bird keeper is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person's child is named bella.
peter is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves pop music.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
eric is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is alice.
eric is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the cat lover and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who keeps horses and arnold are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who enjoys gardening.
the cat lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves classical music is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who is a nurse and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is bob.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves pop music is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the root beer lover is bob.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
peter is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves beach vacations.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the first house.
arnold is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the coffee drinker is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in january is the root beer lover.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
alice and the person who has an average height are next to each other.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is tall.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who is very short.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves fantasy books is eric.
the person who loves romance books and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person's child is named bella and eric are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is an engineer is the person's child is named bella.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a nurse is eric.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a nurse.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is bob.
the person who is a lawyer and the person whose birthday is in april are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
alice is in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves cooking and the person who paints as a hobby are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
bob is in the first house.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person who is short is the person who has a cat.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the dog owner.
peter is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person who keeps horses is not in the first house.
there is one house between bob and the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
the german is bob.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the norwegian.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the german is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the swedish person is the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
bob is the person who is tall.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the coffee drinker.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the fifth house.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who is super tall is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is alice.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
arnold is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very tall is not in the second house.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of eric.
the person who owns a dog is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
peter and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the german is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between alice and the british person.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between the person who has black hair and peter.
the swedish person is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who has gray hair is the german.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the dane.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the german.
peter is the person's child is named meredith.
eric and arnold are next to each other.
eric is not in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books and eric are next to each other.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named fred.
the cat lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is the prince smoker.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves rock music.
the dane is peter.
peter is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the person who is a lawyer and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse is the coffee drinker.
the root beer lover is directly left of arnold.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the root beer lover.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the boba tea drinker.
the tea drinker is peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
there is one house between peter and the person who is a teacher.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and arnold.
arnold is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the person who loves the stew is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the coffee drinker.
arnold is the person who is a pizza lover.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the second house.
there is one house between the dane and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the chinese is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is alice.
there is one house between the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 and the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the german.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of bob.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the second house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the norwegian is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person whose birthday is in january is arnold.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is an engineer.
the person who attended trade school and eric are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of bob.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is an artist is the person with a high school diploma.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is a teacher is the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the cat lover is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
arnold is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves volleyball.
peter is not in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves swimming and the person with a doctorate are next to each other.
alice is in the second house.
the person with a doctorate and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
bob is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the fifth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of bob.
the cat lover is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person with a pet hamster.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who has a cat is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves mystery books and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the british person is the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the dane is not in the third house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of eric.
the german is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is bob.
there is one house between the dane and the chinese.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
eric is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is alice.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the third house.
there is one house between arnold and bob.
arnold is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and eric.
the person with a doctorate is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves soccer.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and peter.
the person whose birthday is in february is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is very short is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is very tall is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves white.
eric is the tea drinker.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between peter and arnold.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in march and alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of alice.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the photography enthusiast is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
there is one house between alice and the fish enthusiast.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who has a cat is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
alice is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in march and the cat lover are next to each other.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the cat lover is the person who owns a dog.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
bob is the person who keeps a pet bird.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who keeps horses.
the one who only drinks water is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the cat lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves white is the prince smoker.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dunhill smoker is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves mystery books is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the prince smoker.
arnold and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
eric is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is short.
alice is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is carol.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person's child is named alice.
the person who has an average height is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the second house.
alice is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named meredith and arnold are next to each other.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who is super tall.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is very tall is the person who is the mother of timothy.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who is super tall.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is tall.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named bella.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is in the first house.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
carol is in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the sixth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of bob.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between the person residing in a victorian house and the person with a pet hamster.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person in a modern-style house.
carol is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the prince smoker is directly left of alice.
bob is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the dog owner is in the first house.
bob is not in the second house.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the second house.
bob and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in february.
eric is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person whose birthday is in april are next to each other.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is the dog owner.
the bird keeper and peter are next to each other.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
there are two houses between the cat lover and eric.
the person who has brown hair is bob.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the cat lover is directly left of the person who has black hair.
arnold is directly left of eric.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the rabbit owner is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is in the third house.
peter and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who loves white.
arnold is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves white and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves tennis.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the dane is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person who has black hair is not in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the third house.
eric is the dane.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves swimming is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves tennis.
alice is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the cat lover is in the third house.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is alice.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves basketball.
peter and the bird keeper are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the fish enthusiast is arnold.
the person who loves soccer is the cat lover.
alice is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who has blonde hair is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is an engineer is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves classical music is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the fifth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has black hair.
there is one house between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves rock music is the person who has red hair.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
alice is in the fifth house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fifth house.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
bob is somewhere to the right of arnold.
there are two houses between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
peter is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of arnold.
there is one house between peter and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
there is one house between alice and the person's child is named samantha.
eric is not in the third house.
bob is not in the third house.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the photography enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic and peter are next to each other.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person who is an artist.
carol is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a nurse.
there is one house between peter and the person who is a lawyer.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and bob.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who is short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
eric is not in the first house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes milk.
the cat lover is the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the german is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves white is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves blue.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a high school diploma is carol.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the chinese.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the boba tea drinker and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
there is one house between the british person and the chinese.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who likes milk and peter.
bob is the person with a master's degree.
the swedish person is the person with a master's degree.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the german is in the fifth house.
the norwegian is the one who only drinks water.
the person with a high school diploma is the bird keeper.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is the british person.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses and the dog owner are next to each other.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the dane.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the german.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the norwegian.
bob is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the bird keeper.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the third house.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the prince smoker.
the dane and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
eric is the british person.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is the person who has auburn hair.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who has gray hair and the person who is short.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is very tall is bob.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and peter.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is short.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a modern-style house.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the first house.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
carol is directly left of bob.
the person who is very tall is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who has red hair.
the person who is super tall is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
eric is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the dane.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves baseball is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
carol is the person who loves tennis.
the dog owner is the person who loves swimming.
the photography enthusiast is the tea drinker.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who keeps horses.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves soccer.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is carol.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the woodworking hobbyist is the dog owner.
there are two houses between the person who paints as a hobby and the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is carol.
peter is in the sixth house.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
bob is in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who loves the stew and arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves baseball is in the fourth house.
the dog owner is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the cat lover.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
bob is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves baseball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between the person who has an average height and the person who is short.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves soccer.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is in the sixth house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who is super tall.
carol and bob are next to each other.
the person who is super tall is not in the sixth house.
the person who is short is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who loves swimming and bob.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who is short.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is directly left of eric.
the person who owns a rabbit and the person who is very tall are next to each other.
the person's child is named bella and peter are next to each other.
bob and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the person who is the mother of timothy is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
carol is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the sixth house.
the person's child is named bella is not in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is not in the third house.
the person's child is named alice is arnold.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person's child is named alice is not in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is eric.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
alice is not in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of alice.
there are two houses between the person who smokes many unique blends and the prince smoker.
the dunhill smoker and bob are next to each other.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves science fiction books is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person with an aquarium of fish.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
there is one house between eric and the person with a high school diploma.
there is one house between the person with an associate's degree and the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of arnold.
peter is in the third house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves yellow and the person who loves blue are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there are two houses between carol and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is bob.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves soccer is carol.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the second house.
the dane is in the third house.
the british person is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the norwegian.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the second house.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the german is the person who is a teacher.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
alice is the person who is short.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves stir fry is arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is tall.
eric is the person who is tall.
bob is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves swimming is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves tennis.
bob is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who likes going on cruises is arnold.
bob is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys camping trips and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
eric is in the third house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the desert smoothie lover is the person living in a colonial-style house.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves cooking.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the one who only drinks water.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves pop music is arnold.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the prince smoker is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is the person who keeps horses.
the person residing in a victorian house is the cat lover.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is the person who keeps a pet bird.
there is one house between the person with an aquarium of fish and peter.
alice is not in the first house.
arnold is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the british person is in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
eric is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
arnold is the swedish person.
the dane is in the first house.
peter is in the fifth house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of eric.
alice is the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the norwegian.
there is one house between the person who is very short and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is short is arnold.
the dane is the person who is super tall.
the british person is in the sixth house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the german.
the person who has gray hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is carol.
bob is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of arnold.
there are two houses between alice and the person who has an average height.
the dane is not in the first house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who is tall is the person who has gray hair.
the chinese is in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who is very tall and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has gray hair and bob are next to each other.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves classical music is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has brown hair is bob.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person who has black hair is in the third house.
there are two houses between the coffee drinker and arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves jazz music.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who is a pizza lover.
the cat lover is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the dog owner is the person who loves stir fry.
there is one house between arnold and the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is arnold.
eric is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the cat lover.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person who has red hair is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is eric.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who is very short.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the first house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the first house.
the person who is tall is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who has black hair.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of arnold.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has black hair.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the swedish person.
eric is the british person.
eric is in the first house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
peter is the tea drinker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of eric.
the bird keeper is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who is an artist is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is an artist is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a teacher.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the person who loves blue.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is not in the fifth house.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fifth house.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves yellow and the person who loves blue are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
there is one house between the person who smokes blue master and peter.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who loves biography books.
peter is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves baseball.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is peter.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of arnold.
alice and the person who loves volleyball are next to each other.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves tennis.
the swedish person is the person who has black hair.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the second house.
the british person and arnold are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who has red hair.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the swedish person is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is not in the first house.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the cat lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the bird keeper.
the person who is a lawyer is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dog owner.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who is a lawyer.
arnold is not in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
eric is in the second house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the dane is arnold.
the british person is alice.
alice is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
alice is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the first house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fourth house.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is alice.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves cooking.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves stir fry is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves blue is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is arnold.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the third house.
the person who is short is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fifth house.
peter and the person who uses a huawei p50 are next to each other.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of bob.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who prefers city breaks is the british person.
alice and eric are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is peter.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the stew.
the person who likes milk is the person with a pet hamster.
there is one house between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who has a cat.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
carol is the coffee drinker.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person's child is named alice.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person's child is named bella and bob are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is peter.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the soup.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in march is the tea drinker.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named meredith.
the root beer lover is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
carol is directly left of alice.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
the person who loves yellow is the british person.
the person who has black hair is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
eric is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is short is the prince smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is short are next to each other.
the person who is short is eric.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is an artist is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes milk.
the person's child is named samantha is alice.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves swimming.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is short.
the person who is short is the person who loves mystery books.
alice and peter are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the cat lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who loves white.
peter is the person whose favorite color is green.
the bird keeper is eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who owns a toyota camry.
there are two houses between the person who owns a honda civic and bob.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has red hair is the person who is an engineer.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has brown hair is in the fifth house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who is a doctor and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who has gray hair is in the second house.
arnold is the prince smoker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who keeps horses is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the bird keeper.
the person who prefers city breaks is bob.
the person who has brown hair is the one who only drinks water.
eric is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who has brown hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has gray hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who likes going on cruises.
the coffee drinker is the prince smoker.
the coffee drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
eric is the tea drinker.
the prince smoker is in the third house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is peter.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has blonde hair.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
bob is the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the person who likes milk and arnold are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the tea drinker.
the norwegian is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has blonde hair is the norwegian.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the dane.
there is one house between the person whose favorite color is red and the person who has black hair.
the german is in the third house.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the root beer lover is directly left of the german.
the norwegian is eric.
the british person is the person who likes milk.
peter is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the third house.
the coffee drinker is the person whose favorite color is green.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has an average height is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is short.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the second house.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a doctor is the dane.
eric is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the german.
bob is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
the swedish person is in the second house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
alice is the person who has red hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the british person.
the person who has red hair is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who is an engineer and the british person are next to each other.
there is one house between arnold and the person who has red hair.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the third house.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves rock music is bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the sixth house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the chinese is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the norwegian.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
carol is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the german is the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dane is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the chinese.
the british person is not in the third house.
the swedish person is the person who loves pop music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the dane is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the second house.
the dane is in the third house.
the british person is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the norwegian.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the second house.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the german is the person who is a teacher.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
peter is the cat lover.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and peter.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is not in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
the bird keeper is the person who enjoys gardening.
eric is the bird keeper.
alice is in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the prince smoker is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves pop music.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
eric is not in the third house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has black hair.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves basketball.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who is a pizza lover.
the cat lover is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the dog owner is the person who loves stir fry.
there is one house between arnold and the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is arnold.
eric is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the cat lover.
alice is directly left of peter.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of peter.
arnold is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves rock music is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person residing in a victorian house and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is a doctor.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the stew.
the person who likes milk is the person with a pet hamster.
there is one house between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who has a cat.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
carol is the coffee drinker.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person's child is named alice.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person's child is named bella and bob are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is peter.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the soup.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in march is the tea drinker.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named meredith.
the root beer lover is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
carol is directly left of alice.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
alice is in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves cooking and the person who paints as a hobby are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
bob is in the first house.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of eric.
there is one house between peter and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is the one who only drinks water.
peter is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the tea drinker is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fifth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
peter is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is in the third house.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between the cat lover and eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
arnold is in the fifth house.
the person who is short is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who owns a honda civic is not in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
alice is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who is tall.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
bob is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the fourth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the fish enthusiast.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves the stew.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
alice is in the first house.
the british person is bob.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is the swedish person.
the fish enthusiast is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the german.
the cat lover is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a pet hamster is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person who smokes many unique blends.
peter and arnold are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who has a cat.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a dog is in the third house.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
alice is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves classical music.
the person with a master's degree is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is eric.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the second house.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves rock music.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and arnold are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who keeps horses.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between eric and the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person with an associate's degree is peter.
arnold and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person partial to pall mall is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person who is very short is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who has brown hair.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse is carol.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who enjoys camping trips.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is directly left of alice.
the person who loves rock music is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose favorite color is red.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves rock music is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
peter and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
alice is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves mystery books.
alice is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
peter and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fifth house.
the coffee drinker is in the first house.
arnold is in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a master's degree.
eric is in the second house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the dane is arnold.
the british person is alice.
alice is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is alice.
peter is in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of eric.
carol is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
bob is directly left of peter.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves yellow.
the person who likes milk is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a high school diploma is the tea drinker.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is an artist.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who enjoys gardening and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is a teacher is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of peter.
the swedish person is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the dane.
eric is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric is not in the first house.
peter is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves classical music.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is in the third house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who keeps horses is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the prince smoker is the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between eric and alice.
the person who is short is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who has an average height is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who is very tall.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is not in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the dunhill smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is bob.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
there are two houses between the person who is very tall and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
arnold and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the bird keeper and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
eric is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the desert smoothie lover.
eric and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who likes milk.
bob is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who is an artist is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is directly left of carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who enjoys gardening is carol.
the person who is short is directly left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the first house.
the person who is short is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the second house.
arnold is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves classical music is the person's child is named fred.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person partial to pall mall.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of alice.
bob is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves biography books.
arnold is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves science fiction books.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves tennis and peter are next to each other.
bob is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who loves tennis.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
carol is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves beach vacations are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is bob.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
eric is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the first house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves soccer.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
eric is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves pop music.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who owns a dog is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
there is one house between eric and the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of peter.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves pop music.
the chinese and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is bob.
peter is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the fourth house.
the chinese is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
bob is directly left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the chinese.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the dane.
there is one house between arnold and the swedish person.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the british person.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and eric.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
carol is in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the sixth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of bob.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between the person residing in a victorian house and the person with a pet hamster.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person in a modern-style house.
carol is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a toyota camry is alice.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the german is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is not in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is eric.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has black hair.
carol is somewhere to the left of eric.
peter is in the first house.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the third house.
bob is not in the sixth house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who has brown hair and the person who has auburn hair.
eric is in the second house.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a dog is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is the person who loves basketball.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in april.
the dane is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is an artist.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who enjoys gardening and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is a teacher is in the third house.
alice is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the bird keeper.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
there are two houses between the dog owner and bob.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of bob.
alice is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the cat lover is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves yellow.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the tea drinker is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the dog owner is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february is eric.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the dog owner is somewhere to the left of peter.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is eric.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who is short.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is alice.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
the one who only drinks water is bob.
the root beer lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is in the fifth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is bob.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves the stew.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is not in the first house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is not in the second house.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
carol is directly left of arnold.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves historical fiction books.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and arnold.
the person who loves romance books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
carol is in the second house.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves soccer is in the sixth house.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the photography enthusiast is the person who smokes yellow monster.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of alice.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves soccer is the prince smoker.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the third house.
the person who has auburn hair is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the dunhill smoker is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves baseball is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who is short is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is tall.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of arnold.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse is carol.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who enjoys camping trips.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is directly left of alice.
the person who loves rock music is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose favorite color is red.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves rock music is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
carol is not in the third house.
there is one house between the dane and the british person.
carol is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is directly left of alice.
alice is the german.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is bob.
the dane is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
peter is the british person.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the norwegian is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the chinese.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
peter and the cat lover are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person in a craftsman-style house.
bob is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person residing in a victorian house and eric.
the cat lover is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the dog owner is not in the first house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the sixth house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
the fish enthusiast is the person in a ranch-style home.
the bird keeper is the person in a modern-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who is a lawyer is arnold.
the root beer lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in march.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in january and peter.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the person who likes milk is not in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
there is one house between the tea drinker and the coffee drinker.
eric is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the photography enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is short is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who owns a dog and the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between the person who owns a ford f-150 and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who has a cat.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who has a cat.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who likes milk is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the bird keeper is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the dog owner.
the fish enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who has red hair.
bob and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the fourth house.
arnold is the person who has black hair.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has black hair is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
bob is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who has black hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who has brown hair.
peter is the person who has gray hair.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the third house.
peter is the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the cat lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who keeps horses.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
eric is not in the third house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the dane.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
there is one house between the person who has brown hair and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes milk is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person whose mother's name is kailyn are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves white.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has red hair.
peter is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
eric is in the third house.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is eric.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the dane is peter.
arnold is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the swedish person and arnold.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves yellow.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves purple is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves stir fry is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who enjoys gardening.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of alice.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves romance books.
the photography enthusiast and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who loves biography books.
eric is not in the third house.
eric is the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is bob.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a rabbit is arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who owns a dog is alice.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fourth house.
the person who has a cat is directly left of peter.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves soccer.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has an average height is in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is very short is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who owns a toyota camry is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves white.
the coffee drinker is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes milk.
bob is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who is a lawyer.
peter is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
eric is in the fourth house.
there is one house between arnold and the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the cat lover and peter.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
peter and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves pop music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named bella.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who smokes yellow monster are next to each other.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
eric is the dunhill smoker.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who smokes blue master is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named alice is the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between alice and arnold.
bob is the person's child is named meredith.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person partial to pall mall is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold and peter are next to each other.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the dunhill smoker is in the second house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves swimming.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who is a teacher and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves tennis and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is alice.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a honda civic is not in the first house.
peter is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a doctor.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves swimming.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose favorite color is red is eric.
carol is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between bob and the person who is very tall.
the person who is super tall is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who is very tall.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person who is short is not in the first house.
the person who is short is not in the third house.
the person who is short is directly left of eric.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who is tall is alice.
carol is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who is super tall and eric.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who likes milk and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
alice is the person who is tall.
peter is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the coffee drinker is the person who is short.
there is one house between the person with a master's degree and the person with a high school diploma.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of alice.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person who loves tennis is in the second house.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the first house.
the person who has red hair is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the bird keeper.
eric is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in april.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is an engineer.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the photography enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves pop music.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves rock music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person living in a colonial-style house.
there is one house between eric and the tea drinker.
the person who likes milk is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the dane.
the desert smoothie lover is the swedish person.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person with a high school diploma.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person in a modern-style house.
arnold and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between carol and bob.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
there are two houses between the person who loves swimming and the person who is a doctor.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves tennis.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who is an engineer.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the cat lover is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the right of the rabbit owner.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the norwegian.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
peter is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the dane is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the british person.
there is one house between alice and the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the german is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the norwegian.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who loves classical music.
the bird keeper is the person who loves cooking.
the cat lover is directly left of bob.
eric is not in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the german.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
peter is the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
eric is not in the second house.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who is very tall is the root beer lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the boba tea drinker is carol.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the tea drinker.
the boba tea drinker is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person who is tall and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who has an average height is directly left of arnold.
the person who is super tall and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is super tall is the tea drinker.
the person who is short is carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and arnold are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who keeps horses.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between eric and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who likes milk is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is directly left of peter.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves cooking.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves basketball.
there is one house between the person who enjoys mountain retreats and arnold.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves mystery books is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the prince smoker.
arnold and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
eric is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person with a doctorate.
peter is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is arnold.
there is one house between the person with a master's degree and arnold.
alice is not in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the fifth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person with a pet hamster.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who has a cat is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves mystery books and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the british person is the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the dane is not in the third house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of eric.
the german is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is bob.
there is one house between the dane and the chinese.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
eric is not in the third house.
there are two houses between eric and peter.
the person who is a teacher is peter.
peter is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and alice.
the person who is an artist is alice.
the person who loves rock music is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the dane is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who has blonde hair and the british person are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the swedish person is arnold.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the swedish person is not in the second house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
bob is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
bob is the person's child is named fred.
peter is the person's child is named meredith.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is green and bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who loves purple is carol.
peter is in the third house.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
eric is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves blue.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the soup is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves fantasy books is alice.
bob is directly left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person with an associate's degree is bob.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves biography books is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who owns a toyota camry.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is carol.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
carol is the person who loves cooking.
eric is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves cooking is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is not in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves baseball and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the fourth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fifth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a pet hamster.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the british person is not in the first house.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse is carol.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who enjoys camping trips.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is directly left of alice.
the person who loves rock music is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose favorite color is red.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves rock music is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named meredith is arnold.
the person's child is named fred is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves blue.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
eric is in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in may is not in the sixth house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who goes on cultural tours is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold and the person who loves purple are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fifth house.
the person who loves purple is in the third house.
carol is in the fourth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the second house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who owns a dog is the person who is an engineer.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves biography books is in the second house.
eric is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
peter is in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves yellow.
arnold is directly left of eric.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the person who loves rock music.
eric is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who paints as a hobby is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who has red hair is the person who enjoys gardening.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a dog is the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is in the first house.
the prince smoker is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person partial to pall mall.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
arnold is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who likes milk.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves purple and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person who loves rock music.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
bob is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves white is the person who loves historical fiction books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and the person who loves yellow.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is the cat lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who keeps horses is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes milk.
the dog owner is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the root beer lover is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
peter is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has blonde hair and bob are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who has black hair is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september is carol.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the dane.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves basketball.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the german is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the photography enthusiast.
alice and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the british person and the person who enjoys knitting are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the swedish person.
the british person is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves cooking.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
peter is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the norwegian and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the british person is alice.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the swedish person is the person who loves cooking.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the sixth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who loves the boquet of iris are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is peter.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is the norwegian.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of bob.
the british person is directly left of carol.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is arnold.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person in a modern-style house.
arnold and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between carol and bob.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
there are two houses between the person who loves swimming and the person who is a doctor.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves tennis.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who is an engineer.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the british person is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves white is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves classical music.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves tennis is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is tall is not in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves the soup is the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person with a doctorate is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is carol.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person who has an average height.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who is super tall.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who attended trade school.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
alice is the person who loves basketball.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is an artist is eric.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fifth house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person in a modern-style house.
the british person is not in the first house.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of arnold.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person with a master's degree.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the british person.
the norwegian and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
alice is the german.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who is a doctor is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is the desert smoothie lover.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
eric is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is the person who loves cooking.
bob is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of carol.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of bob.
the dunhill smoker is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the second house.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and peter.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves cooking is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and eric.
the dunhill smoker is in the fifth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person with a pet hamster.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves baseball.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the soup is the person whose birthday is in may.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person who loves stir fry.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
arnold is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who likes milk.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the third house.
the british person is the person who loves historical fiction books.
bob is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the british person.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who owns a dog.
alice is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the british person is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is the swedish person.
the prince smoker is the chinese.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
the british person is alice.
the norwegian is the person who loves biography books.
the dane and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves romance books.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves classical music.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is in the third house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who keeps horses is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the dane is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the dane is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the british person is the person who loves white.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who keeps horses.
the one who only drinks water is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the cat lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a dog.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who likes milk is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and the person who loves classical music.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person who has a cat and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the tea drinker.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the tea drinker and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person with a master's degree is the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is alice.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and alice.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in february.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is not in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves baseball and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the fourth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fifth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a pet hamster.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between the person with an associate's degree and peter.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person with a high school diploma.
bob is the person with a bachelor's degree.
carol is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves purple and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who loves blue.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves blue.
carol is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves purple is the person with a doctorate.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who owns a dog.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who has a cat.
there are two houses between the person with an aquarium of fish and the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
alice is in the third house.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is the person who keeps horses.
the person residing in a victorian house is the cat lover.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
eric is in the second house.
eric is directly left of peter.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves cooking.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
alice is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who has an average height and peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is very tall.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is tall is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves stir fry is directly left of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person who is super tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves pop music is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
arnold is not in the third house.
eric is in the first house.
carol is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the root beer lover is the person who loves hip-hop music.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who is a nurse.
the tea drinker is not in the sixth house.
the person who is a doctor is the root beer lover.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves blue.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series are next to each other.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
bob is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
bob is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the third house.
eric is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves yellow.
there are two houses between the person who loves purple and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves purple is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
alice and bob are next to each other.
carol is not in the first house.
there are two houses between peter and the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
carol and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of alice.
the person who loves romance books and the person who likes going on cruises are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
there is one house between alice and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves white.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is eric.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the cat lover is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between carol and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with a pet hamster.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the dog owner and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is penny and bob.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person with a pet hamster is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the rabbit owner.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who smokes yellow monster is eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is carol.
the person who keeps horses is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has black hair.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves rock music is in the third house.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fourth house.
arnold is in the third house.
eric is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
alice is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the fifth house.
peter is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves romance books is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who is a teacher.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a lawyer is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person who is an engineer and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
arnold is not in the first house.
peter is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the british person.
the person who prefers city breaks is carol.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
carol is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
bob is not in the first house.
bob is not in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the norwegian and arnold are next to each other.
the dane is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the british person is not in the third house.
alice is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who loves white.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and eric are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
peter is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is alice.
the person who loves the vase of tulips and peter are next to each other.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of arnold.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the bird keeper.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
there are two houses between the person who has red hair and the person who has black hair.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves swimming.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is bob.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the person who loves soccer is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
eric is the person who is tall.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the person who is very short is the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of alice.
arnold is in the fifth house.
the person who is short is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who owns a honda civic is not in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
alice is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who is tall.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
bob is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves basketball is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who is a doctor is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is the desert smoothie lover.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
eric is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there is one house between the person who goes on cultural tours and alice.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who enjoys camping trips.
eric and arnold are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of arnold.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in september is the tea drinker.
the coffee drinker is alice.
the person whose birthday is in march is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
bob is directly left of the boba tea drinker.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the swedish person is the person who is an artist.
the dane is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dane is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is peter.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the norwegian is in the third house.
arnold is the british person.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the dane is the person who is an engineer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the swedish person is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
bob is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
there is one house between carol and arnold.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the root beer lover.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person who has brown hair is not in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves white.
the person who smokes blue master and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves white is the person with a master's degree.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
eric is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person residing in a victorian house and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is a doctor.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person in a craftsman-style house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
alice is in the third house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is red is alice.
bob is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves blue is eric.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves the stew.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves stir fry.
the person with a doctorate and the person who loves white are next to each other.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
alice is not in the fourth house.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the coffee drinker is in the third house.
peter is the tea drinker.
the person who loves basketball is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who loves tennis.
there are two houses between alice and the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the tea drinker.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who likes milk.
alice is in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves cooking and the person who paints as a hobby are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
bob is in the first house.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of eric.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves swimming is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves tennis.
bob is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who likes going on cruises is arnold.
bob is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys camping trips and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the second house.
there is one house between the dane and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the chinese is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is alice.
there is one house between the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 and the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the german.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of bob.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the second house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the norwegian is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person who loves soccer is the person's child is named fred.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the sixth house.
carol is the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is bob.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the sixth house.
eric is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a ford f-150.
eric is the person who enjoys gardening.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who loves cooking.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the coffee drinker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves hip-hop music.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the one who only drinks water is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is eric.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the root beer lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves white.
the person who loves classical music and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves pop music is the root beer lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves white.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the second house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who owns a dog is the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person partial to pall mall is the british person.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is arnold.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who is very short is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books and eric are next to each other.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of peter.
the photography enthusiast is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the second house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves white.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the first house.
the person who has black hair is peter.
the person who has black hair is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
alice is directly left of bob.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys knitting.
eric is in the sixth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person with an associate's degree and the person who loves volleyball.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves baseball.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the prince smoker is arnold.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person with an associate's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is the cat lover.
the fish enthusiast is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is not in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the soup is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person with a doctorate.
the coffee drinker is the person with a high school diploma.
there are two houses between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person with an associate's degree.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
the dunhill smoker and bob are next to each other.
there are two houses between alice and the boba tea drinker.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who attended trade school is the prince smoker.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves stir fry.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between the person partial to pall mall and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the dunhill smoker.
alice is the tea drinker.
arnold is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person with a master's degree is peter.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has blonde hair.
peter is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
the person who loves baseball is arnold.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
bob is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves basketball is in the fourth house.
bob is the person who loves jazz music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is not in the first house.
alice is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
peter is directly left of alice.
arnold is the person's child is named bella.
eric is not in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the fifth house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is not in the first house.
eric and alice are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
the root beer lover is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who likes milk.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is bob.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is in the sixth house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in may is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves classical music.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is in the third house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who keeps horses is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the second house.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who loves white.
arnold is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves white and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves tennis.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the dane is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person with an associate's degree is peter.
arnold and peter are next to each other.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the bird keeper is the person who loves purple.
the person in a ranch-style home is the one who only drinks water.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person in a modern-style house is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the bird keeper is the person in a ranch-style home.
the rabbit owner is in the sixth house.
the boba tea drinker is peter.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the bird keeper is carol.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the boba tea drinker.
bob is the tea drinker.
the person residing in a victorian house is the dog owner.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is not in the sixth house.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person who is very short is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is bob.
the person who is very short is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who is very tall.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is directly left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is very short is the person who has gray hair.
eric is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has red hair is the person who is tall.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person who has black hair is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the one who only drinks water is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who has brown hair is carol.
the person who has an average height is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is super tall and arnold are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of arnold.
bob is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
eric is directly left of alice.
the person who loves classical music is eric.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is not in the first house.
alice is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who loves white is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person who loves classical music is peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves white.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves classical music is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
peter and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who has an average height.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
eric is in the sixth house.
carol and eric are next to each other.
peter is in the first house.
bob is in the third house.
eric is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person residing in a victorian house is alice.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who is very short is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is short is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in january.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person with a master's degree is the person who paints as a hobby.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves cooking is alice.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the desert smoothie lover.
eric and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the swedish person is arnold.
the chinese is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the norwegian and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of peter.
the norwegian is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves jazz music is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys knitting is bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who has auburn hair.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who loves country music.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
alice and the person who has an average height are next to each other.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is tall.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who is very short.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves fantasy books is eric.
the person who loves romance books and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the prince smoker.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the root beer lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in march.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in january and peter.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the person who likes milk is not in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
there is one house between the tea drinker and the coffee drinker.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of arnold.
arnold is not in the first house.
alice is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
peter is directly left of alice.
arnold is the person's child is named bella.
eric is not in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the fifth house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is not in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is eric.
the tea drinker is the cat lover.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the tea drinker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
there are two houses between bob and peter.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the second house.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who likes milk.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who owns a toyota camry.
arnold is the tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is in the third house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the root beer lover.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is alice.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the root beer lover is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who owns a honda civic and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
bob is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
carol is the person who loves biography books.
the person who likes milk is in the fourth house.
the person who has auburn hair is directly left of eric.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has gray hair.
carol is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in april.
peter is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
the root beer lover is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and peter.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves historical fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in march.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves mystery books is in the sixth house.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
eric and the person residing in a victorian house are next to each other.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who paints as a hobby and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is alice.
the person who loves romance books and the person who likes going on cruises are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
there is one house between alice and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves white.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the bird keeper.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
carol is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person in a mediterranean-style villa and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who attended trade school is the cat lover.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who attended trade school are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
alice and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of eric.
the dog owner is bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person who is very short is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the desert smoothie lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves rock music is the person who owns a dog.
the british person is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who has red hair.
alice is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is the person who loves white.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the dane is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who is tall is alice.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who has an average height is not in the fourth house.
the person who is very tall is in the first house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
eric is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between the person who is a pizza lover and peter.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is arnold.
arnold is in the first house.
eric is directly left of the prince smoker.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the prince smoker.
peter is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves cooking.
the person partial to pall mall is the photography enthusiast.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is not in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the photography enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who keeps horses is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves soccer.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is in the second house.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the first house.
the person who has red hair is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the left of eric.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who is short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who is very short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves biography books is the desert smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves country music.
the rabbit owner is in the third house.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the cat lover.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the dunhill smoker and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is eric.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
eric is not in the second house.
the norwegian is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the dane is not in the third house.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the swedish person and the norwegian are next to each other.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the swedish person.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person who is very short is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who has brown hair.
eric is the person's child is named fred.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fifth house.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person with a doctorate is the dane.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
there are two houses between the british person and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
carol is in the first house.
bob is the german.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the norwegian.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in may and the person with a master's degree.
the norwegian is peter.
the person who attended trade school is the person who loves purple.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has an average height is in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is very short is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who owns a toyota camry is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves white.
the coffee drinker is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is the fish enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves cooking is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dog owner.
the person with a high school diploma is alice.
peter is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
peter is the person whose mother's name is holly.
alice is not in the fifth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person who owns a toyota camry is bob.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of arnold.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
there is one house between arnold and bob.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person who owns a honda civic and the person who owns a toyota camry are next to each other.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
there is one house between eric and alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who has brown hair and alice are next to each other.
alice is the person who has red hair.
there are two houses between the person who has brown hair and the person who has blonde hair.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
alice is the person with a bachelor's degree.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a doctorate.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks and alice are next to each other.
there are two houses between bob and carol.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of carol.
peter is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the photography enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the tea drinker is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the tea drinker.
eric is the person's child is named fred.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person who is very short is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who has brown hair.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of arnold.
carol is the rabbit owner.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of carol.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the bird keeper and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
alice is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
peter is the cat lover.
the fish enthusiast is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves stir fry is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who enjoys gardening.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of alice.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves romance books.
the photography enthusiast and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who loves biography books.
eric is not in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who is a doctor.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves cooking is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the german is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the photography enthusiast.
alice and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the british person and the person who enjoys knitting are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the swedish person.
the british person is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves cooking.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
peter is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the norwegian and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the british person is alice.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who owns a dog is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
there is one house between eric and the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who loves white.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named bella.
the person who has an average height is the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who loves white.
alice is in the third house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is short is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is very short is the person's child is named fred.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the chinese and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is bob.
peter is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the fourth house.
the chinese is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
bob is directly left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the chinese.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the dane.
there is one house between arnold and the swedish person.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the british person.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and eric.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person with a master's degree is the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is alice.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and alice.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in february.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is the british person.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses and the dog owner are next to each other.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the dane.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the german.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the norwegian.
bob is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the bird keeper.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves science fiction books is the prince smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
peter is the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who has brown hair is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves classical music.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who loves stir fry is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who enjoys gardening.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of alice.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves romance books.
the photography enthusiast and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who loves biography books.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who owns a dog is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
eric is the person who has a cat.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a nurse is eric.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a nurse.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is bob.
the person who is a lawyer and the person whose birthday is in april are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has a cat.
eric is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
eric and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of arnold.
carol is the rabbit owner.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of carol.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the bird keeper and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
alice is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who is short.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves yellow.
the person who likes milk is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a high school diploma is the tea drinker.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the prince smoker.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
peter is the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of alice.
the person who loves stir fry is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves pop music is arnold.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
peter is in the second house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is eric.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of bob.
the cat lover is peter.
there are two houses between the dog owner and the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the second house.
the cat lover is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the rabbit owner.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is the desert smoothie lover.
carol is the bird keeper.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a dog.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is not in the second house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves yellow.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves purple is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the person who is a lawyer and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse is the coffee drinker.
the root beer lover is directly left of arnold.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the root beer lover.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the boba tea drinker.
the tea drinker is peter.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the dane is the person who is an engineer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the swedish person is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and arnold are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is holly.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
bob is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the german is the person who is a pizza lover.
eric is directly left of the person who loves blue.
alice is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves stir fry is the british person.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves blue is the norwegian.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person who has a cat is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
peter is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of eric.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person who loves the stew is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a modern-style house is peter.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the cat lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves pop music is arnold.
arnold is not in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves tennis is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis and peter are next to each other.
bob is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who loves tennis.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
carol is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves beach vacations are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is bob.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
eric is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the first house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the sixth house.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who owns a toyota camry.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is carol.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
carol is the person who loves cooking.
eric is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves cooking is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who enjoys knitting.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
alice is not in the fourth house.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the coffee drinker is in the third house.
peter is the tea drinker.
the person who loves basketball is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who loves tennis.
there are two houses between alice and the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the tea drinker.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who likes milk.
the cat lover is in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves yellow and the cat lover.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of eric.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves pop music.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves rock music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
arnold is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who likes milk is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
alice is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person whose mother's name is holly.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the coffee drinker.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and the tea drinker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has a cat.
the root beer lover is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
the person who is very short is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who is a pizza lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves stir fry is carol.
arnold is in the fourth house.
bob is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
alice is in the third house.
peter is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
alice is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a master's degree and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the british person is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is not in the first house.
the british person and eric are next to each other.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is an artist is alice.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is the root beer lover.
there are two houses between the person who is an engineer and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
eric is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is an artist.
carol is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who is a lawyer is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the dog owner is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february is eric.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the dog owner is somewhere to the left of peter.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and arnold.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
carol is in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and eric.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming is not in the third house.
the person who loves volleyball is not in the sixth house.
bob is in the sixth house.
eric is the person who loves swimming.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
alice and the person who owns a honda civic are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and carol.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person whose birthday is in april.
arnold is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named fred is bob.
carol is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person's child is named samantha.
there is one house between bob and alice.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named alice.
arnold is the person who owns a honda civic.
there are two houses between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person's child is named samantha and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person's child is named fred.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person who has a cat is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is bob.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred and the person who loves the boquet of lilies are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is the mother of timothy is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
peter is directly left of bob.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is in the third house.
eric is the person with a pet hamster.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who has a cat.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the dunhill smoker and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the prince smoker.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who has a cat.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of bob.
peter is in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is eric.
alice is not in the third house.
eric is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves biography books is arnold.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the third house.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is bob.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
the person who loves mystery books is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the dane.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and arnold.
arnold is the swedish person.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who owns a toyota camry.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is carol.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
carol is the person who loves cooking.
eric is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves cooking is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves pop music.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
eric is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of eric.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves cooking.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is in the first house.
there is one house between carol and alice.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the fourth house.
carol is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is in the third house.
peter and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fourth house.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is alice.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves cooking.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is an artist is in the third house.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person who is short is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is a lawyer are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has an average height is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who is tall is the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is an artist is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is an artist is the dunhill smoker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the prince smoker is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an artist is the desert smoothie lover.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the dane and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the swedish person.
the swedish person is arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the norwegian.
the norwegian is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who loves pop music is the cat lover.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is super tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of peter.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named alice.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person who loves rock music.
the person who is short is the cat lover.
alice is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is penny and the person who is short.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the first house.
carol is the person who is tall.
the british person is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is not in the first house.
the british person and eric are next to each other.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who is an artist.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
bob is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person's child is named meredith is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves jazz music is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys knitting is bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who has auburn hair.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who loves country music.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person with a pet hamster.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who has a cat is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves mystery books and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the british person is the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the dane is not in the third house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of eric.
the german is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is bob.
there is one house between the dane and the chinese.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and peter.
the person whose birthday is in february is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is very short is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is very tall is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves white.
the prince smoker is the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between eric and alice.
the person who is short is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who has an average height is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who is very tall.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is not in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the dunhill smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is bob.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
there are two houses between the person who is very tall and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
arnold and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is in the first house.
the prince smoker is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person partial to pall mall.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is very short.
the person who has black hair is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who has brown hair is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has an average height is the desert smoothie lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the photography enthusiast.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
peter is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is eric.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
alice is in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps a pet bird.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is the british person.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses and the dog owner are next to each other.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the dane.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the german.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the norwegian.
bob is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the bird keeper.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves soccer are next to each other.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is an artist is eric.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fifth house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person in a modern-style house.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who smokes blue master are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves fantasy books are next to each other.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person whose birthday is in january is arnold.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is an engineer.
the person who attended trade school and eric are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of bob.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is an artist is the person with a high school diploma.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is a teacher is the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who loves cooking.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the dunhill smoker is in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is alice.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves swimming is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
there is one house between eric and the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a dog is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who has a cat is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves classical music is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who is a nurse and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is bob.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves pop music is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the fourth house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person's child is named meredith.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves basketball is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the bird keeper.
bob is not in the third house.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
alice is not in the fourth house.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the coffee drinker is in the third house.
peter is the tea drinker.
the person who loves basketball is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who loves tennis.
there are two houses between alice and the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the tea drinker.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who likes milk.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
peter and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is eric.
bob and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
the person who is tall is carol.
the person with a master's degree is the person with a pet hamster.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who is very tall.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who is super tall is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree and the watermelon smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who attended trade school.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of bob.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves pop music.
the person partial to pall mall is the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who is short is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is tall.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who loves yellow.
the person who is an artist is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a honda civic is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who paints as a hobby.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the swedish person is arnold.
the chinese is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the norwegian and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of peter.
the norwegian is eric.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric and peter are next to each other.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between peter and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a high school diploma.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the british person is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
the person who likes milk is bob.
the boba tea drinker is alice.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the root beer lover.
the tea drinker and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
bob is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the tea drinker.
carol is the person who loves country music.
the person who loves jazz music is peter.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the cat lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
arnold is in the first house.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the one who only drinks water.
the person who keeps horses is the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is the bird keeper.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
peter is in the third house.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who has a cat.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who has a cat.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and alice.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fourth house.
the german is eric.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the british person is the dog owner.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the german.
the person who has a cat is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the swedish person and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the swedish person is peter.
the dane is in the second house.
eric and the cat lover are next to each other.
the german is in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the bird keeper.
arnold is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between the person who loves volleyball and the person who loves swimming.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who smokes many unique blends.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the prince smoker and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the sixth house.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
carol is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the british person is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the swedish person is the person who loves cooking.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the sixth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who loves the boquet of iris are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is peter.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is the norwegian.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of bob.
the british person is directly left of carol.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is arnold.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves soccer.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
eric is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves pop music.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
arnold is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the bird keeper.
the dog owner is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
peter is in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
arnold is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who likes milk.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves tennis.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the british person is the person who owns a dog.
the dane is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
arnold is not in the third house.
eric is in the first house.
carol is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the root beer lover is the person who loves hip-hop music.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who is a nurse.
the tea drinker is not in the sixth house.
the person who is a doctor is the root beer lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the dane.
the german is peter.
the desert smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the norwegian is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who likes going on cruises is the british person.
there are two houses between bob and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
bob is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
carol is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves tennis is the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the british person.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves soccer.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves baseball is in the fourth house.
the dog owner is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the cat lover.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
bob is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves baseball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves yellow.
the person who likes milk is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a high school diploma is the tea drinker.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who likes milk.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the tea drinker.
carol is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
bob is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
alice is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the third house.
alice is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the fifth house.
peter is somewhere to the left of carol.
bob is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is arnold.
carol is the person who owns a honda civic.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the prince smoker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the prince smoker.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of alice.
eric is the person who is very short.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is holly and the person who has an average height are next to each other.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
the german is bob.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the norwegian.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the german is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the swedish person is the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the german is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between alice and the british person.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between the person who has black hair and peter.
the swedish person is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who has gray hair is the german.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the dane.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the german.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the root beer lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose favorite color is green is the coffee drinker.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves blue.
eric is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is peter.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
carol is the person who loves biography books.
the person who likes milk is in the fourth house.
the person who has auburn hair is directly left of eric.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has gray hair.
carol is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in april.
peter is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
the root beer lover is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and peter.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves historical fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in march.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves mystery books is in the sixth house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves mystery books.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves white.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves swimming and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves tennis and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the person's child is named bella is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
there is one house between alice and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named fred and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
eric is the swedish person.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the dane.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is eric.
the photography enthusiast is not in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
alice is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books and bob are next to each other.
carol is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of alice.
the person who loves biography books is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is an artist.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is bob.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred and the person who loves the boquet of lilies are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is the mother of timothy is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person who enjoys knitting and alice.
alice is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the second house.
there is one house between bob and alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves hip-hop music.
arnold and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fifth house.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the prince smoker is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between the cat lover and eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is arnold.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is the prince smoker.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has an average height and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very tall.
the person with a master's degree is bob.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person with a doctorate is directly left of alice.
the person with a master's degree is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is the person who is tall.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
arnold is the person with a doctorate.
the prince smoker is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between the cat lover and eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves romance books and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the norwegian.
the person who loves beach vacations and peter are next to each other.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the dane.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves rock music is the person who owns a dog.
the british person is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is eric.
the photography enthusiast is not in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the desert smoothie lover is the person living in a colonial-style house.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves cooking.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the one who only drinks water.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has red hair and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
peter is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose birthday is in january is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who has blonde hair is eric.
the person who is very short is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is short.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of carol.
there are two houses between the person who loves volleyball and the person who has an average height.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a toyota camry are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who is super tall.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves swimming.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person who loves baseball is in the fifth house.
eric is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
the person who has an average height is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of arnold.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the bird keeper.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
there are two houses between the person who has red hair and the person who has black hair.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the cat lover is in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves yellow and the cat lover.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of eric.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
peter is in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves yellow.
arnold is directly left of eric.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the tea drinker is the person who uses an iphone 13.
there is one house between the dog owner and the tea drinker.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is not in the third house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the coffee drinker.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who likes milk.
peter is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person's child is named alice.
the person who keeps horses is not in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of bob.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the bird keeper is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and alice are next to each other.
bob is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who is the mother of timothy is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
eric is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the tea drinker is not in the second house.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person with a master's degree is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
there is one house between bob and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves yellow is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves white.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves white is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves swimming.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves blue is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves basketball.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the norwegian.
the person who loves beach vacations and peter are next to each other.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the dane.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves rock music is eric.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric and peter are next to each other.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between peter and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a high school diploma.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
eric is in the second house.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has blonde hair.
peter is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
carol is not in the third house.
there is one house between the dane and the british person.
carol is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is directly left of alice.
alice is the german.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is bob.
the dane is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
peter is the british person.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the norwegian is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the chinese.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the swedish person is the person who is an artist.
the dane is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dane is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is peter.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the norwegian is in the third house.
arnold is the british person.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
eric and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is peter.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between peter and the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
carol is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves blue is not in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
carol and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is bob.
alice is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who loves purple is directly left of carol.
alice is the person who loves purple.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves jazz music is eric.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves jazz music.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves rock music is carol.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
there are two houses between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
alice is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named alice is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the sixth house.
the person who attended trade school is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves baseball and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
bob is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves volleyball is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
there is one house between the person who has brown hair and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves country music and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves romance books is carol.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves classical music is in the second house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of eric.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person whose mother's name is holly.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the coffee drinker.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and the tea drinker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has a cat.
the root beer lover is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the british person.
arnold is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric and the swedish person are next to each other.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves white.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
eric and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person who is very short is the person who has black hair.
bob is the person who loves blue.
the person who is tall is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves blue is the person who has blonde hair.
the british person is bob.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is the swedish person.
the fish enthusiast is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the german.
the cat lover is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a pet hamster is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person who smokes many unique blends.
peter and arnold are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who has a cat.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a dog is in the third house.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves blue.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series are next to each other.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
bob is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
bob is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the third house.
eric is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves yellow.
there are two houses between the person who loves purple and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves purple is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is tall is in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
alice is the person who is tall.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is very tall.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is the mother of timothy are next to each other.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named fred is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who loves cooking.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fifth house.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the rabbit owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is carol.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of carol.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the dog owner is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who attended trade school is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
alice is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves classical music.
the person with a master's degree is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is eric.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the second house.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves the stew.
the person who has blonde hair is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is carol.
the person who has black hair is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves cooking is the person who has an average height.
alice is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the second house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person who has an average height and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the dane.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and arnold.
arnold is the swedish person.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves yellow.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
there are two houses between eric and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
arnold and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of alice.
there is one house between peter and eric.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who has brown hair is eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves romance books is the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
eric is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is in the second house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is in the third house.
bob is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is bob.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the fourth house.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
there is one house between alice and the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the british person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the dane is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
eric is the norwegian.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves romance books is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the prince smoker and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
there is one house between the prince smoker and the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
alice is directly left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is peter.
eric is the norwegian.
there is one house between the person who is very short and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is short is arnold.
the dane is the person who is super tall.
the british person is in the sixth house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the german.
the person who has gray hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is carol.
bob is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of arnold.
there are two houses between alice and the person who has an average height.
the dane is not in the first house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who is tall is the person who has gray hair.
the chinese is in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who is very tall and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves baseball.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who enjoys camping trips.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named fred.
the person who owns a dog is bob.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person's child is named bella is the root beer lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves swimming is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is eric.
there are two houses between bob and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of bob.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
bob is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
arnold and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
bob and peter are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person with a doctorate is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves white.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves white is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of eric.
the cat lover is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who loves the stew.
the person residing in a victorian house and the bird keeper are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
the cat lover is arnold.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves blue is carol.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is not in the sixth house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in may and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves purple is the person whose birthday is in april.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
peter is in the third house.
arnold is the cat lover.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
eric is somewhere to the right of the bird keeper.
there is one house between arnold and alice.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person in a ranch-style home.
alice is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the cat lover is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who is a teacher is the bird keeper.
the person residing in a victorian house is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person partial to pall mall is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the norwegian is peter.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
alice is the british person.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
there is one house between the person's child is named fred and the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the one who only drinks water.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves swimming is in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of alice.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the root beer lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is alice.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has a cat.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person with an associate's degree is peter.
arnold and peter are next to each other.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in march and alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of alice.
alice is not in the fifth house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
the cat lover is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the fish enthusiast.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is arnold.
arnold is in the first house.
eric is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of eric.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who loves beach vacations is peter.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is carol.
the rabbit owner is bob.
the rabbit owner is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the cat lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the dog owner.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in may and the person whose mother's name is sarah are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the cat lover.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in march and the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the second house.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the right of the person who goes on cultural tours.
carol is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves stir fry is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who enjoys gardening.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of alice.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves romance books.
the photography enthusiast and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who loves biography books.
eric is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves the stew is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves stir fry.
the coffee drinker is in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of arnold.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who is very short.
the person who is super tall is the tea drinker.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person who is very short is the coffee drinker.
the person who is super tall is bob.
the person who is super tall and the person whose birthday is in march are next to each other.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who has an average height.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves science fiction books is the prince smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is a doctor.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
carol is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is in the sixth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
eric and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who is a teacher.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the photography enthusiast is the tea drinker.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
eric is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast and the person who likes milk are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is in the fifth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person with a pet hamster.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves baseball.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is a doctor.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
carol is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is in the sixth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
eric and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is short is arnold.
bob is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who paints as a hobby is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who has red hair is the person who enjoys gardening.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a doctor and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is carol.
alice is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a teacher is alice.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
arnold and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
eric is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person whose birthday is in september is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who smokes blue master.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the prince smoker and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves mystery books is in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person with a master's degree is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the first house.
the german is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between alice and the british person.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between the person who has black hair and peter.
the swedish person is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who has gray hair is the german.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the dane.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the german.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice and bob are next to each other.
carol is not in the first house.
there are two houses between peter and the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
carol and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves blue is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who loves purple.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a modern-style house is arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the person who loves romance books and the person who likes going on cruises are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
there is one house between alice and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves white.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is the person whose birthday is in april.
peter is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is not in the third house.
the prince smoker is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves classical music is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves pop music.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who is short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who is very short.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
arnold is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the boba tea drinker.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
the person who is very tall is bob.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
carol is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has an average height is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is bob.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
eric is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is the root beer lover.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the boba tea drinker.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
carol is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
peter and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is eric.
bob and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
the person who is tall is carol.
the person with a master's degree is the person with a pet hamster.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who is very tall.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who is super tall is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree and the watermelon smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who attended trade school.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person's child is named samantha and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person's child is named fred.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person who has a cat is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
the fish enthusiast is the one who only drinks water.
the bird keeper is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the tea drinker is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
there are two houses between the watermelon smoothie lover and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice is the person who is short.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves stir fry is arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is tall.
eric is the person who is tall.
bob is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the photography enthusiast is the british person.
arnold is directly left of the british person.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the swedish person is the desert smoothie lover.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who has red hair.
alice is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is the person who loves white.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
peter is the swedish person.
eric is the british person.
eric is in the first house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the dane.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the one who only drinks water.
the person who keeps horses is the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is the bird keeper.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
peter is in the third house.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is peter.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is an artist.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who enjoys gardening and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is a teacher is in the third house.
peter is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is the person who has an average height.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the first house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of arnold.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person with a master's degree.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the british person.
the norwegian and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
alice is the german.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has red hair and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
peter is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose birthday is in january is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who has blonde hair is eric.
the boba tea drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the british person is directly left of eric.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
eric is the chinese.
the tea drinker is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the german is in the second house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the root beer lover is directly left of the norwegian.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the third house.
the boba tea drinker is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
eric is the root beer lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who likes milk.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the right of bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves fantasy books.
the root beer lover is directly left of peter.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves romance books.
the tea drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves romance books and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves biography books and the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who uses a huawei p50.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person with a pet hamster.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who has a cat is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves mystery books and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the british person is the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the dane is not in the third house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of eric.
the german is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is bob.
there is one house between the dane and the chinese.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
eric is not in the third house.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the second house.
eric and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there are two houses between peter and the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is very short is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of eric.
alice and the person in a ranch-style home are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves basketball is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves tennis.
eric is not in the third house.
arnold is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the person who loves the stew is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the coffee drinker.
arnold is the person who is a pizza lover.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who loves country music is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is peter.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
peter is directly left of eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
alice is directly left of bob.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys knitting.
eric is in the sixth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person with an associate's degree and the person who loves volleyball.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves baseball.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
eric and alice are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the third house.
alice is the person who loves romance books.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fourth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is the person who has red hair.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who has black hair is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of alice.
bob is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves biography books.
arnold is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves science fiction books.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september and peter are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in february and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person who is very short is not in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fifth house.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person with a doctorate is the dane.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
there are two houses between the british person and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
carol is in the first house.
bob is the german.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the norwegian.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in may and the person with a master's degree.
the norwegian is peter.
the person who attended trade school is the person who loves purple.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the dane is the person who loves soccer.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves the soup is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves stir fry is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
bob is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of arnold.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is eric.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who is short.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is alice.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric is the tea drinker.
arnold and the prince smoker are next to each other.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who likes milk is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is red is alice.
bob is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves blue is eric.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves the stew.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves stir fry.
the person with a doctorate and the person who loves white are next to each other.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is short is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves tennis and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is not in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the british person is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is arnold.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the cat lover is bob.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps horses is in the fifth house.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is in the first house.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who is an artist.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is not in the second house.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and arnold are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is holly.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
bob is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the german is the person who is a pizza lover.
eric is directly left of the person who loves blue.
alice is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves stir fry is the british person.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves blue is the norwegian.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a toyota camry is alice.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the german is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is not in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who smokes blue master are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves fantasy books are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person who has black hair.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the second house.
the british person and arnold are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who has red hair.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the swedish person is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is not in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of eric.
peter is the cat lover.
the fish enthusiast is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks and peter are next to each other.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves basketball.
the person who likes going on cruises is carol.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is the person who loves swimming.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys camping trips is alice.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who is a pizza lover.
the cat lover is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the dog owner is the person who loves stir fry.
there is one house between arnold and the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is arnold.
eric is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the cat lover.
bob is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric are next to each other.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves biography books.
peter is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person who loves biography books.
bob is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
arnold and bob are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the desert smoothie lover is the german.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is bob.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the right of eric.
peter and carol are next to each other.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the norwegian.
the dane is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is not in the third house.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the dane is in the first house.
the german is in the sixth house.
the chinese is not in the fifth house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves baseball.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who enjoys camping trips.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named fred.
the person who owns a dog is bob.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person's child is named bella is the root beer lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves swimming is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is eric.
there are two houses between bob and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of bob.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is bob.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the person who loves stir fry is in the first house.
alice is in the third house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is the dog owner.
the bird keeper and peter are next to each other.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
there are two houses between the cat lover and eric.
the person who has brown hair is bob.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the cat lover is directly left of the person who has black hair.
arnold is directly left of eric.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the rabbit owner is arnold.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a dog.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is not in the second house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
alice is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
eric is not in the second house.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person in a modern-style house is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
carol is not in the fourth house.
alice is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who loves white is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
peter and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of eric.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the photography enthusiast is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
peter and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves swimming is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves tennis.
alice is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the swedish person is the person who is an artist.
the dane is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dane is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is peter.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the norwegian is in the third house.
arnold is the british person.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves pop music.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
eric is not in the third house.
the boba tea drinker is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
eric is the root beer lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who likes milk.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the right of bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves fantasy books.
the root beer lover is directly left of peter.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves romance books.
the tea drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves romance books and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves biography books and the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who uses a huawei p50.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the one who only drinks water.
the person who keeps horses is the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is the bird keeper.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
peter is in the third house.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person with a master's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the norwegian and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the german is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
arnold and the dane are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person who loves mystery books.
the swedish person is alice.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves biography books.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the first house.
peter is the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person's child is named meredith.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
the person who loves fantasy books is alice.
bob is directly left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person with an associate's degree is bob.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves biography books is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who has red hair.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person who has blonde hair and peter are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in february.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who loves basketball.
the person who has black hair is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is bob.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the person who loves stir fry is in the first house.
alice is in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person who has an average height.
eric is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who is very short.
the person who is very short and alice are next to each other.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
alice is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fifth house.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the norwegian.
there is one house between arnold and the british person.
the german and the person who loves historical fiction books are next to each other.
there is one house between the german and carol.
the swedish person is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is in the third house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the chinese is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves mystery books.
carol is somewhere to the right of alice.
arnold is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person whose mother's name is holly and eric are next to each other.
the person with a high school diploma is the bird keeper.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who has an average height and the person who is short.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves soccer.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is in the sixth house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who is super tall.
carol and bob are next to each other.
the person who is super tall is not in the sixth house.
the person who is short is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who loves swimming and bob.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who is short.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is directly left of eric.
the person who owns a rabbit and the person who is very tall are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is green and bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who loves purple is carol.
peter is in the third house.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
eric is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves blue.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the soup is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves jazz music is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys knitting is bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who has auburn hair.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who loves country music.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
there is one house between arnold and the prince smoker.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
the prince smoker and peter are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the root beer lover is bob.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
peter is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves beach vacations.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the first house.
arnold is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the coffee drinker is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in january is the root beer lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the dog owner is in the first house.
bob is not in the second house.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the second house.
bob and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in february.
eric is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person whose birthday is in april are next to each other.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person who has an average height is eric.
peter is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who is short and peter.
the person who is very short is not in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the third house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
eric is the prince smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of eric.
there are two houses between alice and the person who is an artist.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of bob.
the person who is a lawyer is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is peter.
arnold is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
peter is in the first house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves baseball.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who enjoys camping trips.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named fred.
the person who owns a dog is bob.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person's child is named bella is the root beer lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves swimming is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is eric.
there are two houses between bob and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of bob.
carol is in the third house.
carol is the person who owns a rabbit.
arnold is in the fifth house.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fourth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
bob is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who is a lawyer is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves white.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves white is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who is tall is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the dunhill smoker.
bob is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is very short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of peter.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who has an average height is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is bob.
the person who has brown hair is the one who only drinks water.
eric is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who has brown hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has gray hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who likes going on cruises.
the coffee drinker is the prince smoker.
the coffee drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
eric is the tea drinker.
the prince smoker is in the third house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is peter.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has blonde hair.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
bob is the boba tea drinker.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who has red hair.
alice is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is the person who loves white.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
the person who loves classical music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves rock music is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of peter.
eric is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who is short.
the person who loves classical music is the prince smoker.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who is a teacher.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who loves stir fry.
the tea drinker is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the coffee drinker.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves the stew is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who is an artist.
there is one house between alice and the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
alice is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the fifth house.
peter is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves romance books is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who is a teacher.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a lawyer is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the british person.
the person who prefers city breaks is carol.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
carol is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
bob is not in the first house.
bob is not in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the norwegian and arnold are next to each other.
the dane is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the british person is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
alice is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves classical music.
the person with a master's degree is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is eric.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the second house.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves rock music.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has an average height is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is short.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
peter is somewhere to the right of the dog owner.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person with a bachelor's degree.
there is one house between the person with a doctorate and the cat lover.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who keeps horses.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is the person's child is named bella.
the person with a bachelor's degree is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person's child is named samantha is bob.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the dog owner and the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the swedish person is directly left of the dog owner.
there are two houses between the dog owner and the british person.
the dane is the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is the cat lover.
bob is the bird keeper.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the norwegian is alice.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is arnold.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
alice is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who loves blue is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the person whose favorite color is green.
the root beer lover is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who likes milk.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is bob.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is in the sixth house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in may is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person's child is named bella.
eric and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
there is one house between carol and the woodworking hobbyist.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
carol is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the person who loves cooking and eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose birthday is in february is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who paints as a hobby.
alice is in the first house.
there is one house between eric and the tea drinker.
the person who likes milk is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the dane.
the desert smoothie lover is the swedish person.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and alice.
there is one house between peter and alice.
alice is not in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover and arnold are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of eric.
the bird keeper is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
peter is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the cat lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the bird keeper.
the person who is a lawyer is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dog owner.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who is a lawyer.
arnold is not in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of eric.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the rabbit owner is the person whose birthday is in january.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
there is one house between peter and the rabbit owner.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of carol.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of carol.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the third house.
bob is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the rabbit owner is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is holly and eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the photography enthusiast is not in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves mystery books is in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a toyota camry is alice.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the german is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is not in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves basketball.
the norwegian is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the dane is not in the third house.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the swedish person and the norwegian are next to each other.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the swedish person.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
eric is not in the first house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes milk.
the cat lover is the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the dunhill smoker is in the fifth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person with a pet hamster.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves baseball.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a dog is in the third house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the second house.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
peter is directly left of the person who has a cat.
bob is in the first house.
peter is directly left of arnold.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the chinese is the person who loves pop music.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves classical music is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of bob.
carol is the british person.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves rock music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the german.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who attended trade school and the chinese are next to each other.
the person who loves jazz music is arnold.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has brown hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves blue.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
eric is in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in may is not in the sixth house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who goes on cultural tours is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold and the person who loves purple are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fifth house.
the person who loves purple is in the third house.
carol is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person's child is named fred is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a ford f-150.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who is very tall and the dog owner are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who has an average height.
the cat lover is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is very short is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who has red hair.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person who has red hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is super tall is not in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who has black hair.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who is tall.
bob and the fish enthusiast are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the prince smoker is peter.
there is one house between the person who has blonde hair and the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of alice.
the person who is super tall is eric.
the person who is short is the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the person who is short and the person who has auburn hair are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the german is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves white is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves blue.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a high school diploma is carol.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the chinese.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the boba tea drinker and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
there is one house between the british person and the chinese.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who likes milk and peter.
bob is the person with a master's degree.
the swedish person is the person with a master's degree.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the german is in the fifth house.
the norwegian is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who loves beach vacations.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person's child is named fred is in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who likes going on cruises.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of alice.
alice is in the third house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
the swedish person is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the swedish person and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is eric.
the british person is in the third house.
alice is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person whose mother's name is holly.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the coffee drinker.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and the tea drinker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has a cat.
the root beer lover is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
the person who has a cat is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
peter is in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
arnold is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves rock music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
the person who owns a rabbit is in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between carol and alice.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is eric.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is not in the fourth house.
arnold and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of eric.
the cat lover and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves yellow and the person who loves blue are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there are two houses between carol and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is bob.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves soccer is carol.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is the fish enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves cooking is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dog owner.
the person with a high school diploma is alice.
peter is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves jazz music.
the norwegian is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the dane is not in the third house.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the swedish person and the norwegian are next to each other.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the swedish person.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person who is short is the person who has a cat.
the person with an associate's degree is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the third house.
peter is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is tall is arnold.
the person's child is named samantha is the tea drinker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the coffee drinker.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who likes milk is the person who is short.
alice is the person's child is named fred.
peter and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
eric is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september and peter are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in february and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of peter.
the swedish person is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the dane.
eric is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric is not in the first house.
peter is the person who loves science fiction books.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person partial to pall mall is the british person.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who is short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who is very short.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is peter.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves white.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is not in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves baseball and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the fourth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fifth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a pet hamster.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves rock music is the person who owns a dog.
the british person is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the second house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice and carol are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who has gray hair is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of peter.
the photography enthusiast is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the second house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves white.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
eric is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dog owner is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february is eric.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the dog owner is somewhere to the left of peter.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who keeps horses.
the one who only drinks water is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the cat lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a toyota camry is alice.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the german is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is not in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the swedish person is the person who is an artist.
the dane is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dane is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is peter.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the norwegian is in the third house.
arnold is the british person.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a dog is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is the person who loves basketball.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in april.
the dane is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has brown hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves classical music is peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves white.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves classical music is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
eric is somewhere to the right of peter.
the coffee drinker and the one who only drinks water are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the coffee drinker.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who likes milk and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is alice.
the one who only drinks water is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the dunhill smoker is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april and the prince smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
peter is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has blonde hair and bob are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who has black hair is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september is carol.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is eric.
the bird keeper is peter.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is not in the first house.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person with a high school diploma is the cat lover.
the person's child is named bella is the cat lover.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the first house.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of eric.
peter is in the first house.
eric is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves yellow.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves yellow.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves purple is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
alice is not in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the fifth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and arnold.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the dane.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and arnold.
arnold is the swedish person.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves rock music is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the sixth house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the chinese is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the norwegian.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
carol is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the german is the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dane is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the chinese.
the british person is not in the third house.
the swedish person is the person who loves pop music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the dane is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who has red hair is directly left of eric.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair is the person's child is named fred.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
arnold is in the fifth house.
the person who is short is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who owns a honda civic is not in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
alice is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who is tall.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
bob is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september and peter are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in february and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of peter.
arnold and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
arnold is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the bird keeper.
the dog owner is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
peter is in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the person who loves rock music.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves swimming is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves tennis.
bob is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who likes going on cruises is arnold.
bob is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys camping trips and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
eric is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves beach vacations.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of eric.
the bird keeper is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
alice and the person who owns a honda civic are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and carol.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the desert smoothie lover.
eric and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes milk is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has blonde hair.
peter is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes milk is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and alice.
there is one house between peter and alice.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves pop music is arnold.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who owns a dog.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the third house.
the british person is the person who loves historical fiction books.
bob is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the british person.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who owns a dog.
alice is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the british person is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is the swedish person.
the prince smoker is the chinese.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
the british person is alice.
the norwegian is the person who loves biography books.
the dane and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves romance books.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the fifth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who owns a dog.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named bella.
the person who has an average height and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
alice is the person who has a cat.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person's child is named fred is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who is very tall is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves pop music.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves rock music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
there are two houses between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is an artist is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is an artist is the dunhill smoker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the prince smoker is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an artist is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the bird keeper.
peter is the person who likes milk.
eric is the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves basketball.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves soccer.
arnold is in the fifth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
there is one house between the person's child is named alice and the person's child is named bella.
bob is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person's child is named alice is not in the sixth house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is eric.
the person who is the mother of timothy and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
carol is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves white.
the person who smokes blue master and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves white is the person with a master's degree.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the bird keeper is in the second house.
the person who is very short is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person's child is named fred is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is very short.
arnold is the cat lover.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
eric is somewhere to the right of the bird keeper.
there is one house between arnold and alice.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the person who loves purple and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person who loves rock music.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
bob is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves white is the person who loves historical fiction books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves pop music is not in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is peter.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is not in the first house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves tennis.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
there are two houses between the person who loves soccer and the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves swimming is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
alice is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who loves blue is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves soccer.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the dane is eric.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the watermelon smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
peter and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves white is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose favorite color is green are next to each other.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves jazz music is eric.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves jazz music.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves rock music is carol.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
there are two houses between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
alice is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the second house.
eric and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
there is one house between the person who has brown hair and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an engineer is not in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in march.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who loves white.
arnold is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves white and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves tennis.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the dane is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the bird keeper and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is arnold.
eric is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of arnold.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the fish enthusiast is alice.
eric is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the cat lover and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is an artist is alice.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is the root beer lover.
there are two houses between the person who is an engineer and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
eric is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is an artist.
carol is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who is a lawyer is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves white.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
eric and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person who is very short is the person who has black hair.
bob is the person who loves blue.
the person who is tall is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves blue is the person who has blonde hair.
the person partial to pall mall is alice.
the prince smoker is not in the sixth house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the prince smoker is not in the fifth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is in the second house.
carol is the person who loves mystery books.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves biography books is not in the third house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is in the first house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between arnold and the person who smokes yellow monster.
there is one house between the person who smokes many unique blends and bob.
eric is the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is bob.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a rabbit is arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of peter.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the prince smoker is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between the cat lover and eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is in the second house.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
arnold is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the bird keeper.
the dog owner is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
peter is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person whose birthday is in january is arnold.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is an engineer.
the person who attended trade school and eric are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of bob.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is an artist is the person with a high school diploma.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is a teacher is the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the cat lover is in the third house.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is alice.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves basketball.
peter and the bird keeper are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the fish enthusiast is arnold.
the person who loves soccer is the cat lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who likes milk.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the stew is alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is directly left of the coffee drinker.
the person who loves the stew is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
eric is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has blonde hair.
peter is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the second house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who owns a dog is the person who is an engineer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the fourth house.
the photography enthusiast is the british person.
arnold is directly left of the british person.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the swedish person is the desert smoothie lover.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is the british person.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses and the dog owner are next to each other.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the dane.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the german.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the norwegian.
bob is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
peter and the person whose birthday is in february are next to each other.
bob is not in the third house.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person whose birthday is in january is the bird keeper.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who has black hair and alice are next to each other.
bob is directly left of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
alice is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who has black hair is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has a cat is the person who has brown hair.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person with a master's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has red hair is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the british person is bob.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is the swedish person.
the fish enthusiast is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the german.
the cat lover is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a pet hamster is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person who smokes many unique blends.
peter and arnold are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who has a cat.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a dog is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is green and bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who loves purple is carol.
peter is in the third house.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
eric is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves blue.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the soup is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who has red hair is not in the third house.
there is one house between eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has red hair.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who has black hair is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the second house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice and carol are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who has gray hair is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the stew.
the person who likes milk is the person with a pet hamster.
there is one house between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who has a cat.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
carol is the coffee drinker.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person's child is named alice.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person's child is named bella and bob are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is peter.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the soup.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in march is the tea drinker.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named meredith.
the root beer lover is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
carol is directly left of alice.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves mystery books is the photography enthusiast.
the one who only drinks water is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves mystery books.
the root beer lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in march.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in january and peter.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the person who likes milk is not in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
there is one house between the tea drinker and the coffee drinker.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves yellow and the person who loves blue are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there are two houses between carol and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is bob.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves soccer is carol.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is eric.
the photography enthusiast is not in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in january.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person with a master's degree is the person who paints as a hobby.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves cooking is alice.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
bob is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an engineer is not in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in march.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person who is an artist is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who is a teacher.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is the cat lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the fish enthusiast is alice.
eric is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the cat lover and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is short.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has red hair and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
peter is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose birthday is in january is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who has blonde hair is eric.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
peter and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves classical music is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who is a nurse and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is bob.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves pop music is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
alice is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who loves blue is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the swedish person is not in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dane is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the root beer lover.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person whose favorite color is red.
the tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and peter are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is the mother of timothy and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person residing in a victorian house.
bob is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves blue is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who likes milk is alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the norwegian and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the german is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
arnold and the dane are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person who loves mystery books.
the swedish person is alice.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves biography books.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the first house.
peter is the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person's child is named meredith.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
arnold is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between the person who loves volleyball and the person who loves swimming.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who smokes many unique blends.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the prince smoker and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the sixth house.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
carol is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
eric is not in the first house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes milk.
the cat lover is the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
eric is the person who is a doctor.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves fantasy books is the norwegian.
the cat lover and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the german is bob.
the person who loves yellow is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
there is one house between the dane and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
the person who keeps horses is alice.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the norwegian and arnold.
the person who loves romance books is the british person.
there are two houses between the norwegian and alice.
the bird keeper is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dog owner is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the stew is the norwegian.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is the person who owns a dog.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who owns a dog.
bob is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves romance books.
alice is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who owns a rabbit is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
the person who has red hair is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and eric.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has auburn hair is carol.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the first house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
there are two houses between alice and the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has red hair is directly left of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between peter and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has red hair and the person in a ranch-style home are next to each other.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who owns a dog is alice.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fourth house.
the person who has a cat is directly left of peter.
arnold is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the boba tea drinker and bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who goes on cultural tours is carol.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the coffee drinker is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the sixth house.
the one who only drinks water and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
bob is not in the third house.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
alice is the british person.
there is one house between eric and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the chinese is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves mystery books is the british person.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
carol is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the swedish person.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
bob is in the fifth house.
carol is in the second house.
the norwegian and alice are next to each other.
the swedish person is not in the fifth house.
the german and the norwegian are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the british person is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves romance books is eric.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dane and the british person are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the dane.
bob is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
alice is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the third house.
alice is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of bob.
carol is the person who has gray hair.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is the boba tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves pop music is not in the first house.
the root beer lover is in the second house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
arnold is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of arnold.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
eric is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the first house.
alice is in the first house.
bob is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who paints as a hobby is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who has red hair is the person who enjoys gardening.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is tall is in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
alice is the person who is tall.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is very tall.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is the mother of timothy are next to each other.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named fred is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who loves cooking.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
peter is directly left of arnold.
the swedish person is directly left of the dog owner.
there are two houses between the dog owner and the british person.
the dane is the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is the cat lover.
bob is the bird keeper.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the norwegian is alice.
arnold and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the british person.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between the person who loves volleyball and the person who loves swimming.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who smokes many unique blends.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the prince smoker and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the sixth house.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
carol is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
peter is not in the first house.
alice is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person who owns a dog is the person's child is named fred.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of eric.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is bob.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
peter is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves beach vacations.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the first house.
arnold is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the coffee drinker is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in january is the root beer lover.
bob is the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the cat lover.
arnold is in the fifth house.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is peter.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the bird keeper is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves white.
the person who loves white is the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
eric is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is in the third house.
the person who has red hair is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of eric.
the bird keeper is bob.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the rabbit owner.
eric is in the first house.
alice is the cat lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the rabbit owner.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who keeps horses.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the second house.
alice is not in the sixth house.
carol is the fish enthusiast.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between peter and carol.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and carol are next to each other.
bob is directly left of carol.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the dunhill smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the first house.
the person who loves country music is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
there are two houses between the person who loves science fiction books and alice.
the person who loves biography books is eric.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of carol.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves country music.
the person who owns a dog is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is in the fifth house.
bob is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person whose birthday is in april.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of peter.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree and eric are next to each other.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who is a doctor is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves basketball is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves yellow and the person who loves blue are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there are two houses between carol and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is bob.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves soccer is carol.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is somewhere to the right of the dog owner.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person with a bachelor's degree.
there is one house between the person with a doctorate and the cat lover.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who keeps horses.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is the person's child is named bella.
the person with a bachelor's degree is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person's child is named samantha is bob.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the dog owner and the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of eric.
alice is the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who loves baseball.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves basketball and the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
bob is the german.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who has red hair.
the german is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between peter and the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
carol is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves blue is not in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
carol and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is bob.
alice is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who loves purple is directly left of carol.
alice is the person who loves purple.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
peter is not in the first house.
alice is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person who owns a dog is the person's child is named fred.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of eric.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is the cat lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who keeps horses is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes milk.
the dog owner is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the root beer lover is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the one who only drinks water.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is an artist is alice.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is the root beer lover.
there are two houses between the person who is an engineer and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
eric is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is an artist.
carol is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who is a lawyer is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
carol is in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the sixth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of bob.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between the person residing in a victorian house and the person with a pet hamster.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person in a modern-style house.
carol is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the dane.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is arnold.
the dane is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the swedish person is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a dog is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is the person whose birthday is in april.
peter is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is not in the third house.
the prince smoker is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves classical music is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves pop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of bob.
peter is in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is eric.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves soccer.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who has brown hair is arnold.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of eric.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
alice is in the first house.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the bird keeper is the person who loves purple.
the person in a ranch-style home is the one who only drinks water.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person in a modern-style house is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the bird keeper is the person in a ranch-style home.
the rabbit owner is in the sixth house.
the boba tea drinker is peter.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the bird keeper is carol.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the boba tea drinker.
bob is the tea drinker.
the person residing in a victorian house is the dog owner.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is not in the sixth house.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is arnold.
the swedish person is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the swedish person and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is eric.
the british person is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is eric.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who is short.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is alice.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is not in the fifth house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
the cat lover is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the fish enthusiast.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the second house.
there is one house between the dane and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the chinese is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is alice.
there is one house between the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 and the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the german.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of bob.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the second house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the norwegian is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who has brown hair is eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves romance books is the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who has a cat.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who has a cat.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and alice.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves yellow.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves purple is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is arnold.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the fifth house.
eric is directly left of peter.
bob is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter and arnold are next to each other.
bob and the person who owns a honda civic are next to each other.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a ford f-150.
eric is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose favorite color is red is eric.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who is very short is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall and the dog owner are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who has an average height.
the cat lover is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is very short is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who has red hair.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person who has red hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is super tall is not in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who has black hair.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who is tall.
bob and the fish enthusiast are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the prince smoker is peter.
there is one house between the person who has blonde hair and the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of alice.
the person who is super tall is eric.
the person who is short is the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the person who is short and the person who has auburn hair are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person with a pet hamster.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who has a cat is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves mystery books and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the british person is the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the dane is not in the third house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of eric.
the german is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is bob.
there is one house between the dane and the chinese.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
eric is not in the third house.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the fifth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and peter.
the person who enjoys knitting is eric.
peter is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of bob.
there is one house between bob and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the first house.
alice is in the sixth house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the one who only drinks water is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is peter.
the tea drinker is not in the third house.
eric is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
there is one house between the person in a modern-style house and the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
alice is in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person in a modern-style house and alice.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between peter and bob.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
alice and the person who owns a honda civic are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and carol.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the third house.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between the person with an associate's degree and peter.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person with a high school diploma.
bob is the person with a bachelor's degree.
carol is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves purple and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who loves blue.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves blue.
carol is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves purple is the person with a doctorate.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is the person who has auburn hair.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who has gray hair and the person who is short.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is very tall is bob.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and peter.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is short.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a modern-style house.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the first house.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
carol is directly left of bob.
the person who is very tall is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who has red hair.
the person who is super tall is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who prefers city breaks is the british person.
alice and eric are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is peter.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in september.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who owns a dog and the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between the person who owns a ford f-150 and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who has a cat.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who has a cat.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between arnold and alice.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
peter is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has blonde hair and bob are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who has black hair is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september is carol.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the bird keeper and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is arnold.
eric is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of arnold.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves soccer are next to each other.
alice is the person who has an average height.
eric is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who is very short.
the person who is very short and alice are next to each other.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
alice is in the third house.
the root beer lover is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who likes milk.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is bob.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is in the sixth house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in may is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the boba tea drinker and bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who goes on cultural tours is carol.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the coffee drinker is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the sixth house.
the one who only drinks water and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
bob is not in the third house.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
arnold and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person who is the mother of timothy and eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named alice is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who likes going on cruises.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves fantasy books is carol.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is holly and eric.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the german is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves white is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves blue.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a high school diploma is carol.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the chinese.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the boba tea drinker and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
there is one house between the british person and the chinese.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who likes milk and peter.
bob is the person with a master's degree.
the swedish person is the person with a master's degree.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the german is in the fifth house.
the norwegian is the one who only drinks water.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who owns a dog is arnold.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the cat lover is bob.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps horses is in the fifth house.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is in the first house.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who is an artist.
eric is the dog owner.
the norwegian is peter.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
alice is the british person.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
there is one house between the person's child is named fred and the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a honda civic and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the person who owns a honda civic and arnold are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is bob.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
alice is the person with a bachelor's degree.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a doctorate.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the dane is the person who is an engineer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the swedish person is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves classical music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves rock music is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of peter.
eric is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who is short.
the person who loves classical music is the prince smoker.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the swedish person is the person who is an artist.
the dane is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dane is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is peter.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the norwegian is in the third house.
arnold is the british person.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
the person who loves pop music is in the first house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is very short is eric.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
arnold is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the bird keeper.
the dog owner is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
peter is in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person who loves rock music is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the third house.
alice is the person who loves romance books.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fourth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is the person who has red hair.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who has black hair is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
eric is the person who is a doctor.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
bob is the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the cat lover.
arnold is in the fifth house.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is peter.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the bird keeper is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is arnold.
the tea drinker is eric.
the tea drinker is not in the second house.
the norwegian is peter.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
alice is the british person.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
there is one house between the person's child is named fred and the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the fifth house.
the person's child is named fred and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person's child is named samantha is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is the person's child is named alice.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is the person who is the mother of timothy.
arnold is directly left of carol.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is in the sixth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who loves biography books.
peter is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves baseball.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is peter.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of arnold.
alice and the person who loves volleyball are next to each other.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who keeps horses and arnold are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who enjoys gardening.
the cat lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves white.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves classical music is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the tea drinker is the person who loves tennis.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fifth house.
bob is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves swimming and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person who loves baseball.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named fred is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who keeps a pet bird is alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person whose mother's name is kailyn are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves white.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
there is one house between peter and the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of alice.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person residing in a victorian house and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is a doctor.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is short is in the second house.
eric is the dane.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the british person.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat and the prince smoker are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the dane is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves basketball is not in the second house.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who loves stir fry.
the tea drinker is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the coffee drinker.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves the stew is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who is an artist.
there is one house between alice and the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
peter and the cat lover are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
eric is the person who has a cat.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of eric.
the person who loves white is in the first house.
arnold is in the first house.
there are two houses between the prince smoker and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves white is bob.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves mystery books and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the desert smoothie lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the swedish person is arnold.
the chinese is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the norwegian and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of peter.
the norwegian is eric.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who has red hair.
alice is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is the person who loves white.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the second house.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the soup is the person whose birthday is in may.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person who loves stir fry.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
there is one house between the person who has brown hair and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the norwegian and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the german is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
arnold and the dane are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person who loves mystery books.
the swedish person is alice.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves biography books.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the first house.
peter is the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person's child is named meredith.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the german is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves white is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves blue.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a high school diploma is carol.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the chinese.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the boba tea drinker and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
there is one house between the british person and the chinese.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who likes milk and peter.
bob is the person with a master's degree.
the swedish person is the person with a master's degree.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the german is in the fifth house.
the norwegian is the one who only drinks water.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is an engineer is the dog owner.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the cat lover.
the person who keeps horses is the person who is a teacher.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is tall is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is a teacher.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the rabbit owner is alice.
the fish enthusiast is carol.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who is super tall is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
eric and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who is a lawyer.
alice is the person partial to pall mall.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the german is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is tall is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
peter is the person who is short.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
there are two houses between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves stir fry.
the person who has an average height is in the second house.
the prince smoker is the person who is a doctor.
the swedish person is the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves stir fry.
there is one house between the british person and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is very tall is the norwegian.
the dane is the person who is short.
the person who is very tall is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is very tall.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fourth house.
the german is eric.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the british person is the dog owner.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the german.
the person who has a cat is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the swedish person and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the swedish person is peter.
the dane is in the second house.
eric and the cat lover are next to each other.
the german is in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the bird keeper.
bob is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who paints as a hobby is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who has red hair is the person who enjoys gardening.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the root beer lover.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person whose favorite color is red.
the tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and peter are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is the mother of timothy and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person residing in a victorian house.
bob is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves blue is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who likes milk is alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named alice is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the sixth house.
the person who attended trade school is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves baseball and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
bob is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves volleyball is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person with a high school diploma.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the tea drinker.
carol is in the third house.
carol is the person who owns a rabbit.
arnold is in the fifth house.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fourth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
bob is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who is a lawyer is the person with a pet hamster.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves the boquet of lilies are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of alice.
the person who loves basketball is in the second house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves baseball.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of eric.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves cooking.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person whose birthday is in january.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named meredith is arnold.
the person's child is named fred is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
eric and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves pop music.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves rock music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the dane is eric.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
arnold is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the person who loves the stew is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the coffee drinker.
arnold is the person who is a pizza lover.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
alice is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the third house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
arnold is the dunhill smoker.
bob is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
there is one house between the prince smoker and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a toyota camry is arnold.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the dane.
the german is peter.
the desert smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the norwegian is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who likes going on cruises is the british person.
there are two houses between bob and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
bob is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
carol is in the fifth house.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves blue is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who loves purple.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a modern-style house is arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the boba tea drinker.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
the person who is very tall is bob.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
carol is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has an average height is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is bob.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
eric is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is the root beer lover.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the boba tea drinker.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
carol is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the bird keeper.
peter is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the cat lover is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named bella.
arnold and the person with an associate's degree are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the bird keeper.
the person with a master's degree is the fish enthusiast.
the person with a high school diploma is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who has red hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person with an associate's degree.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there are two houses between peter and the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
there is one house between arnold and eric.
peter is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
peter is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who owns a dog is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is very short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who is very short.
the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has brown hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person's child is named fred is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
bob is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
bob is directly left of alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person's child is named samantha.
peter is not in the third house.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the rabbit owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is carol.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of carol.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the dog owner is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who attended trade school is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the second house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
eric is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who is very short is the person who is the mother of timothy.
peter is the person who loves rock music.
the person's child is named bella is bob.
the person's child is named fred is alice.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
carol is somewhere to the left of alice.
carol is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who is super tall is eric.
alice is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who has an average height and peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is very tall.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is tall is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves stir fry is directly left of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person who is super tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the british person and peter are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves classical music is in the second house.
there is one house between the british person and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves rock music is the norwegian.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
the norwegian is arnold.
the dane and the person who loves white are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves rock music.
alice is directly left of bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is the british person.
alice is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who loves blue is the dane.
eric is the person who loves purple.
carol is in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves yellow.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
there are two houses between the person who has an average height and the person who is short.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is very short is the person whose mother's name is penny.
eric and the person who has gray hair are next to each other.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who has red hair is peter.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who is short.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is the dog owner.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the cat lover.
the person who keeps horses is the person who is a teacher.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is tall is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is a teacher.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the rabbit owner is alice.
the fish enthusiast is carol.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who is super tall is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the prince smoker.
the dane and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
eric is the british person.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who is a doctor.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is a teacher.
eric is not in the first house.
the cat lover is not in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves hip-hop music.
there are two houses between arnold and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
carol is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves country music is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
bob is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the tea drinker.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves baseball is in the fourth house.
the dog owner is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the cat lover.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
bob is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves baseball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of peter.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who likes milk.
bob is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who is an artist is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is directly left of carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who enjoys gardening is carol.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person with a master's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has red hair is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who has red hair.
bob and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the fourth house.
arnold is the person who has black hair.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has black hair is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
bob is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who has black hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who has brown hair.
peter is the person who has gray hair.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the dane is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the british person is not in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the dane and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the swedish person.
the swedish person is arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the norwegian.
the norwegian is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who loves pop music is peter.
arnold is the person who loves classical music.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves baseball is arnold.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
bob is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves basketball is in the fourth house.
bob is the person who loves jazz music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and alice.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves tennis is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is tall is not in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves the soup is the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person with a doctorate is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is carol.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person who has an average height.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who is super tall.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who attended trade school.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
alice is the person who loves basketball.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves mystery books is the photography enthusiast.
the one who only drinks water is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is very short is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who is a pizza lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
peter and eric are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the second house.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves purple and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person who loves rock music.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
bob is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves white is the person who loves historical fiction books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and the person who loves yellow.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person whose birthday is in january is arnold.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is an engineer.
the person who attended trade school and eric are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of bob.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is an artist is the person with a high school diploma.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is a teacher is the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves the boquet of lilies are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of alice.
the person who loves basketball is in the second house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves baseball.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who likes going on cruises is peter.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is a doctor.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
carol is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is in the sixth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
eric and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who is a teacher.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is peter.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the british person is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
arnold is directly left of alice.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the bird keeper.
the dog owner is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
peter is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in january.
the bird keeper is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of bob.
the fish enthusiast is eric.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
peter is the tea drinker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is green and bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who loves purple is carol.
peter is in the third house.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
eric is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves blue.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the soup is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the fourth house.
alice is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is arnold.
there is one house between arnold and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who likes milk is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
carol is the person who loves biography books.
the person who likes milk is in the fourth house.
the person who has auburn hair is directly left of eric.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has gray hair.
carol is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in april.
peter is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
the root beer lover is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and peter.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves historical fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in march.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves mystery books is in the sixth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the first house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is a doctor.
eric is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who owns a toyota camry.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is carol.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
carol is the person who loves cooking.
eric is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves cooking is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who enjoys knitting.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is an artist is alice.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is the root beer lover.
there are two houses between the person who is an engineer and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
eric is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is an artist.
carol is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who is a lawyer is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and arnold.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the prince smoker is eric.
the person who loves mystery books and the dane are next to each other.
carol is not in the third house.
there is one house between the dane and the british person.
carol is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is directly left of alice.
alice is the german.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is bob.
the dane is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
peter is the british person.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the norwegian is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the chinese.
the person who loves soccer is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves baseball.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in february and peter.
eric is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of peter.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is the cat lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who keeps horses is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes milk.
the dog owner is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the root beer lover is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the one who only drinks water.
the person who has red hair is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is eric.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who is very short.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the first house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the first house.
the person who is tall is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who has black hair.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of arnold.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who keeps horses is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves soccer.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves basketball.
the dane is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who has blonde hair and the british person are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the swedish person is arnold.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the swedish person is not in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves pop music.
the british person is the cat lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the british person.
the dane is eric.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has black hair is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is eric.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is not in the second house.
alice is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who loves white is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a ranch-style home.
the prince smoker is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between the cat lover and eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person who is an artist is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who is a teacher.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
peter is in the third house.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who has a cat is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the photography enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is short is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves the stew is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person with an associate's degree.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the third house.
eric is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a doctorate is in the third house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who likes going on cruises is alice.
there is one house between the person with a high school diploma and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a bachelor's degree and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of peter.
there is one house between the person who enjoys camping trips and the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves the boquet of lilies are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of alice.
the person who loves basketball is in the second house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves baseball.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a ranch-style home and the person whose mother's name is kailyn are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves the boquet of lilies are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of alice.
the person who loves basketball is in the second house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves baseball.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is an artist.
the person who has a cat is the person who is an engineer.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person with an associate's degree is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
the person with an associate's degree is in the fourth house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person in a ranch-style home.
bob is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named alice is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the sixth house.
the person who attended trade school is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves baseball and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
bob is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves volleyball is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person with a high school diploma.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
eric is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person who enjoys camping trips is carol.
bob is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice and carol are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
alice is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who goes on cultural tours is peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the fourth house.
peter and alice are next to each other.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the person who likes milk and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves swimming.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is bob.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the person who loves soccer is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is very short is the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person who is very short.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves country music and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves romance books is carol.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves classical music is in the second house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of eric.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of arnold.
there is one house between peter and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
alice is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who loves white is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who owns a dog is not in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of peter.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
bob is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is an artist.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the rabbit owner.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the first house.
the person who loves country music is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
there are two houses between the person who loves science fiction books and alice.
the person who loves biography books is eric.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of carol.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves country music.
the person who owns a dog is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is in the fifth house.
bob is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is very short is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is short is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the photography enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is short is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
peter is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and peter.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
the person who loves basketball is in the third house.
the prince smoker is the person who loves soccer.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves biography books is arnold.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the third house.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is bob.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
the person who loves mystery books is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
eric is the coffee drinker.
the tea drinker is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fourth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
arnold is the person who loves cooking.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
there is one house between bob and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the root beer lover.
the photography enthusiast is the one who only drinks water.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the prince smoker is the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between eric and alice.
the person who is short is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who has an average height is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who is very tall.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is not in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the dunhill smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is bob.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
there are two houses between the person who is very tall and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
arnold and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
arnold is the cat lover.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
eric is the british person.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person who loves the stew is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a modern-style house is peter.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is a doctor.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
carol is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is in the sixth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
eric and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who is a teacher.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves tennis is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the second house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
arnold is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves white is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of eric.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
the person who has blonde hair and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the swedish person.
the person whose birthday is in april is the british person.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the swedish person.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the dane is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who has blonde hair is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is an engineer is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves classical music is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the fifth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has black hair.
there is one house between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves rock music is the person who has red hair.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is an artist is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is an artist is the dunhill smoker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the prince smoker is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an artist is the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves blue.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series are next to each other.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
bob is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
bob is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the third house.
eric is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves yellow.
there are two houses between the person who loves purple and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves purple is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves soccer.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person's child is named samantha and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person's child is named fred.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person who has a cat is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the norwegian.
the cat lover and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the german is bob.
the person who loves yellow is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
there is one house between the dane and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
the person who keeps horses is alice.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the norwegian and arnold.
the person who loves romance books is the british person.
there are two houses between the norwegian and alice.
the bird keeper is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dog owner is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the stew is the norwegian.
the person who is an artist is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
bob is the person who is an engineer.
peter and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who is a lawyer is arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
alice is not in the first house.
alice is not in the third house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of peter.
the photography enthusiast is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the second house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves white.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the person who loves rock music is in the third house.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fourth house.
arnold is in the third house.
eric is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the dane is eric.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the boba tea drinker.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
the person who is very tall is bob.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
carol is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has an average height is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is bob.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
eric is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is the root beer lover.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the boba tea drinker.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
carol is directly left of the root beer lover.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the prince smoker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the prince smoker.
the fish enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the cat lover is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
arnold is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves volleyball.
peter is not in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves swimming and the person with a doctorate are next to each other.
alice is in the second house.
the person with a doctorate and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
bob is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the fifth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of bob.
the cat lover is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person with a pet hamster.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who has a cat is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves mystery books and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the british person is the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the dane is not in the third house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of eric.
the german is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is bob.
there is one house between the dane and the chinese.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
eric is not in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the dane.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is arnold.
the dane is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the swedish person is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a dog is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
eric is directly left of peter.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves cooking.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is not in the fifth house.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
alice and bob are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is alice.
the person's child is named fred is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
bob is directly left of the bird keeper.
the dog owner is in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric and the cat lover are next to each other.
the cat lover is directly left of the dog owner.
peter is in the fifth house.
bob is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the soup is in the fourth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is in the sixth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves stir fry is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves stir fry.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person's child is named fred and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person's child is named samantha is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is the person's child is named alice.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is the person who is the mother of timothy.
arnold is directly left of carol.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is in the sixth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the dane is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the british person is not in the third house.
there is one house between arnold and the person who has a cat.
alice is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
peter is in the first house.
the person who has black hair is not in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
alice is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who loves white is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves purple and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person who loves rock music.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
bob is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves white is the person who loves historical fiction books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and the person who loves yellow.
alice is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who has blonde hair is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is an engineer is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves classical music is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the fifth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has black hair.
there is one house between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves rock music is the person who has red hair.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person who loves pop music is the cat lover.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is super tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of peter.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named alice.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person who loves rock music.
the person who is short is the cat lover.
alice is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is penny and the person who is short.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the first house.
carol is the person who is tall.
alice is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who has an average height and peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is very tall.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is tall is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves stir fry is directly left of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person who is super tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the second house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
eric is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who is very short is the person who is the mother of timothy.
peter is the person who loves rock music.
the person's child is named bella is bob.
the person's child is named fred is alice.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
carol is somewhere to the left of alice.
carol is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who is super tall is eric.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is green is eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves white.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
bob and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who likes milk is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
carol is the person who loves biography books.
the person who likes milk is in the fourth house.
the person who has auburn hair is directly left of eric.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has gray hair.
carol is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in april.
peter is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
the root beer lover is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and peter.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves historical fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in march.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves mystery books is in the sixth house.
the swedish person is the person who loves cooking.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the sixth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who loves the boquet of iris are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is peter.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is the norwegian.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of bob.
the british person is directly left of carol.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is arnold.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
there is one house between eric and the tea drinker.
the person who likes milk is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the dane.
the desert smoothie lover is the swedish person.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
alice is in the first house.
there is one house between arnold and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a nurse is eric.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a nurse.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is bob.
the person who is a lawyer and the person whose birthday is in april are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the prince smoker is the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between eric and alice.
the person who is short is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who has an average height is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who is very tall.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is not in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the dunhill smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is bob.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
there are two houses between the person who is very tall and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
arnold and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the soup is the person whose birthday is in may.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person who loves stir fry.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between eric and the dunhill smoker.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person partial to pall mall.
arnold is the dunhill smoker.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is not in the first house.
there are two houses between eric and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person living in a colonial-style house.
bob is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
there is one house between carol and arnold.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the root beer lover.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person who has brown hair is not in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who likes going on cruises is peter.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is directly left of peter.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves cooking.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is short is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves cooking is the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who has an average height.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very short.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who is tall.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and arnold.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
carol is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
peter is the person whose mother's name is penny.
there is one house between peter and carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is bob.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person with an associate's degree.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the third house.
eric is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a doctorate is in the third house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who likes going on cruises is alice.
there is one house between the person with a high school diploma and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a bachelor's degree and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of peter.
there is one house between the person who enjoys camping trips and the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the british person.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the dane.
eric is the tea drinker.
the british person is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
bob is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is not in the fourth house.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is bob.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fourth house.
the german is eric.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the british person is the dog owner.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the german.
the person who has a cat is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the swedish person and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the swedish person is peter.
the dane is in the second house.
eric and the cat lover are next to each other.
the german is in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the bird keeper.
alice and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
peter is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is an artist is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an artist.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
arnold and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of eric.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person in a ranch-style home.
alice is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the cat lover is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who is a teacher is the bird keeper.
the person residing in a victorian house is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person partial to pall mall is the person living in a colonial-style house.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who smokes blue master are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves fantasy books are next to each other.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is tall is in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
alice is the person who is tall.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is very tall.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is the mother of timothy are next to each other.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named fred is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who loves cooking.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves science fiction books is the prince smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves baseball.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who enjoys camping trips.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named fred.
the person who owns a dog is bob.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person's child is named bella is the root beer lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves swimming is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is eric.
there are two houses between bob and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of bob.
there is one house between the person who has an average height and the person who is short.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves soccer.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is in the sixth house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who is super tall.
carol and bob are next to each other.
the person who is super tall is not in the sixth house.
the person who is short is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who loves swimming and bob.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who is short.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is directly left of eric.
the person who owns a rabbit and the person who is very tall are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
there is one house between alice and the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the british person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the dane is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
eric is the norwegian.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the german is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves white is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves blue.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a high school diploma is carol.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the chinese.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the boba tea drinker and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
there is one house between the british person and the chinese.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who likes milk and peter.
bob is the person with a master's degree.
the swedish person is the person with a master's degree.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the german is in the fifth house.
the norwegian is the one who only drinks water.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an engineer is not in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in march.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person with a pet hamster.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who has a cat is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves mystery books and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the british person is the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the dane is not in the third house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of eric.
the german is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is bob.
there is one house between the dane and the chinese.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
eric is not in the third house.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has black hair is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the bird keeper and eric are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is the dane.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the bird keeper.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
eric is the swedish person.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
eric is not in the second house.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person with a master's degree is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who loves white.
arnold is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves white and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves tennis.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the dane is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
bob is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the soup is in the fourth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is in the sixth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves stir fry is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves stir fry.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and arnold are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is holly.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
bob is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the german is the person who is a pizza lover.
eric is directly left of the person who loves blue.
alice is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves stir fry is the british person.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves blue is the norwegian.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who likes milk.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the stew is alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is directly left of the coffee drinker.
the person who loves the stew is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
eric is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
the cat lover is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who loves the stew.
the person residing in a victorian house and the bird keeper are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
the cat lover is arnold.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who is very short is the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person who is very short.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who is short.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the third house.
the british person is the person who loves historical fiction books.
bob is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the british person.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who owns a dog.
alice is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the british person is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is the swedish person.
the prince smoker is the chinese.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
the british person is alice.
the norwegian is the person who loves biography books.
the dane and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves romance books.
eric is not in the second house.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who is very tall is the root beer lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the boba tea drinker is carol.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the tea drinker.
the boba tea drinker is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person who is tall and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who has an average height is directly left of arnold.
the person who is super tall and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is super tall is the tea drinker.
the person who is short is carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person's child is named bella and eric are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is an engineer is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the third house.
the swedish person is not in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dane is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is an artist.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who enjoys gardening and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is a teacher is in the third house.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves soccer is in the sixth house.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the photography enthusiast is the person who smokes yellow monster.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of alice.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves soccer is the prince smoker.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the third house.
the person who has auburn hair is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the dunhill smoker is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves baseball is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the root beer lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose favorite color is green is the coffee drinker.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves blue.
eric is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is peter.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
alice is the person who is short.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves stir fry is arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is tall.
eric is the person who is tall.
bob is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the british person.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the norwegian is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the norwegian.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who has a cat is the british person.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves purple.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves blue is the person with a pet hamster.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is red and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
carol is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow and the german are next to each other.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the dane is the person who loves yellow.
bob is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the person who loves white.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
peter and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of arnold.
the swedish person is the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the chinese and the person with a pet hamster.
the german is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the swedish person is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the dane is carol.
the person who owns a dog is not in the sixth house.
the swedish person is not in the sixth house.
the swedish person and peter are next to each other.
the person's child is named alice is peter.
arnold is the norwegian.
bob is somewhere to the right of the chinese.
carol is the person who owns a dog.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
there is one house between carol and the person who goes on cultural tours.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who has brown hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has brown hair.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of alice.
the tea drinker is peter.
eric is the person who has brown hair.
eric is not in the third house.
alice is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has blonde hair is the prince smoker.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fourth house.
eric is the dane.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves biography books is the desert smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves country music.
the rabbit owner is in the third house.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the cat lover.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the dunhill smoker and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person's child is named samantha is in the second house.
arnold is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves classical music is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person's child is named bella.
eric and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves stir fry is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
bob is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of arnold.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves yellow.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the tea drinker is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
there are two houses between the person who has an average height and the person who is short.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is very short is the person whose mother's name is penny.
eric and the person who has gray hair are next to each other.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who has red hair is peter.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who is short.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the third house.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves tennis.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves jazz music is eric.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves jazz music.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves rock music is carol.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
there are two houses between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
alice is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
arnold is the person who loves baseball.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves basketball and the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
bob is the german.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who has red hair.
the german is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who keeps horses is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves soccer.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the prince smoker and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
there is one house between the prince smoker and the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the one who only drinks water is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the dane.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is arnold.
the dane is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the swedish person is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a dog is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is in the first house.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who has an average height.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
there is one house between peter and the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of alice.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a dog.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is not in the second house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who likes milk is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
alice is not in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of alice.
there are two houses between the person who smokes many unique blends and the prince smoker.
the dunhill smoker and bob are next to each other.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
bob is not in the fifth house.
alice is the british person.
there is one house between eric and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the chinese is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves mystery books is the british person.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
carol is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the swedish person.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
bob is in the fifth house.
carol is in the second house.
the norwegian and alice are next to each other.
the swedish person is not in the fifth house.
the german and the norwegian are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the british person is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves romance books is eric.
the person who loves romance books and the person who likes going on cruises are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
there is one house between alice and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves white.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
there is one house between alice and eric.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between alice and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the bird keeper.
peter is the person who likes milk.
eric is the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves basketball.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has red hair is not in the third house.
there is one house between eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has red hair.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who has black hair is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person who loves the stew is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a modern-style house is peter.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
arnold is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a master's degree.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person who is an artist is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves soccer is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is very short.
the person who is a doctor and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the first house.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person who is short is the person who has a cat.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves pop music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the third house.
the person who is short is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of eric.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
the person who has blonde hair and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the swedish person.
the person whose birthday is in april is the british person.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the swedish person.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the prince smoker is arnold.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person with an associate's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who smokes blue master.
there is one house between the person in a modern-style house and the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
alice is in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person in a modern-style house and alice.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between peter and bob.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the desert smoothie lover is the person living in a colonial-style house.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves cooking.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the one who only drinks water.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
carol is in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the sixth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of bob.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between the person residing in a victorian house and the person with a pet hamster.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person in a modern-style house.
carol is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
alice and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
peter is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is an artist is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an artist.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a dog is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who has a cat is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves soccer are next to each other.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the person who loves rock music.
there is one house between alice and the fish enthusiast.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who has a cat is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
alice is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in march and the cat lover are next to each other.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the cat lover is the person who owns a dog.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
bob is the person who keeps a pet bird.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves white.
the person who smokes blue master and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves white is the person with a master's degree.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
peter is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves pop music is peter.
arnold is the person who loves classical music.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves rock music.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the person's child is named fred.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and peter.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves baseball is arnold.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
bob is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves basketball is in the fourth house.
bob is the person who loves jazz music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and alice.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the british person is the person who owns a dog.
the dane is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a ford f-150.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of eric.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
the person who has blonde hair and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the swedish person.
the person whose birthday is in april is the british person.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the swedish person.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the british person.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the german.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the british person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the prince smoker is eric.
the person who loves mystery books and the dane are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
eric is not in the first house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes milk.
the cat lover is the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse is carol.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who enjoys camping trips.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is directly left of alice.
the person who loves rock music is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose favorite color is red.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves rock music is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the boba tea drinker is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
eric is the root beer lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who likes milk.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the right of bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves fantasy books.
the root beer lover is directly left of peter.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves romance books.
the tea drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves romance books and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves biography books and the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
alice and the person who has an average height are next to each other.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is tall.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who is very short.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves fantasy books is eric.
the person who loves romance books and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person's child is named fred is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of bob.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is arnold.
the person who is tall is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who has red hair is eric.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person who has blonde hair is carol.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who has red hair.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in march and alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of alice.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of eric.
bob is directly left of the person who is tall.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is the person who is very tall.
there is one house between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who is short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who is tall is arnold.
the person who is super tall is in the first house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is carol.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is short is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
there is one house between bob and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves yellow is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves white.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves white is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves swimming.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves blue is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the boba tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
carol is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the boba tea drinker.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a ford f-150.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
there are two houses between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
bob is in the third house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves stir fry is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves blue is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is very short is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is short is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is eric.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who keeps horses is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves soccer.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is the swedish person.
the dane is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves the stew.
the person who has blonde hair is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is carol.
the person who has black hair is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and arnold.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who has red hair.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person who has blonde hair and peter are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in february.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who loves basketball.
the person who has black hair is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is arnold.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves swimming.
bob is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves baseball.
the person's child is named meredith is in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is arnold.
alice is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
the person who loves soccer is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named fred is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the third house.
the british person is the person who loves historical fiction books.
bob is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the british person.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who owns a dog.
alice is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the british person is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is the swedish person.
the prince smoker is the chinese.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
the british person is alice.
the norwegian is the person who loves biography books.
the dane and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves romance books.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves soccer.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
eric is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves pop music.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the second house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice and carol are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who has gray hair is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who has an average height.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves the stew.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
carol is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between the desert smoothie lover and peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of arnold.
carol is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the cat lover is bob.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is a pizza lover.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the person who loves stir fry.
arnold is the rabbit owner.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves the stew.
the person who has blonde hair is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is carol.
the person who has black hair is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
alice and the person who has an average height are next to each other.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is tall.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who is very short.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves fantasy books is eric.
the person who loves romance books and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is not in the third house.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
arnold is the person who loves rock music.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is the person's child is named fred.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
eric is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is in the second house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is in the third house.
bob is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the person who goes on cultural tours is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is bob.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the fourth house.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves jazz music is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys knitting is bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who has auburn hair.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who loves country music.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
bob is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves cooking is the person whose birthday is in may.
the woodworking hobbyist and the person whose birthday is in march are next to each other.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
peter and the person who paints as a hobby are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person whose birthday is in february is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the photography enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is in the second house.
peter is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is the cat lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who keeps horses is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes milk.
the dog owner is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the root beer lover is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
alice is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who loves blue is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the sixth house.
carol is the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is bob.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the sixth house.
eric is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a ford f-150.
eric is the person who enjoys gardening.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who loves cooking.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
alice and the person who owns a honda civic are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and carol.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is in the third house.
peter and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the prince smoker.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who loves stir fry.
the tea drinker is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the coffee drinker.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves the stew is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who is an artist.
there is one house between alice and the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named alice is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the sixth house.
the person who attended trade school is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves baseball and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
bob is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves volleyball is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has a cat is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves blue is the person who has a cat.
there are two houses between the person with an aquarium of fish and eric.
the person who owns a dog is carol.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who loves white and the person who keeps a pet bird are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person who loves purple is directly left of carol.
bob is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves purple.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is an artist is eric.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fifth house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves mystery books.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves white.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves swimming and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves tennis and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the person's child is named bella is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
there is one house between alice and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person whose favorite color is red and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is in the third house.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is not in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person whose birthday is in january is arnold.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is an engineer.
the person who attended trade school and eric are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of bob.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is an artist is the person with a high school diploma.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is a teacher is the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the prince smoker.
the dane and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
eric is the british person.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is tall is in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
alice is the person who is tall.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is very tall.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is the mother of timothy are next to each other.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named fred is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who loves cooking.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fifth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and alice.
there is one house between peter and alice.
alice is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fourth house.
peter is in the fifth house.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is not in the fifth house.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
alice and bob are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is alice.
the person's child is named fred is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is eric.
the bird keeper is peter.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the second house.
peter is directly left of bob.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is very tall is directly left of peter.
alice is directly left of the person who has an average height.
the person who is short and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who has an average height is in the fifth house.
eric is in the fourth house.
there is one house between arnold and the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the cat lover and peter.
peter is in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of eric.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who is an engineer is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a doctor and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is carol.
alice is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a teacher is alice.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the cat lover.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves white is the person who loves tennis.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who is a doctor is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is the desert smoothie lover.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
eric is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the swedish person is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the dane is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who is very short is the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person who is very short.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is peter.
the swedish person is eric.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the desert smoothie lover is the person living in a colonial-style house.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves cooking.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the one who only drinks water.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves yellow.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves purple is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has a cat is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in april.
there are two houses between arnold and bob.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is the person with a pet hamster.
eric is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the prince smoker.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is in the third house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
the root beer lover is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who has a cat is bob.
peter is the person with a pet hamster.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who has a cat.
the coffee drinker is not in the fifth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a dog.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of arnold.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the bird keeper.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
there are two houses between the person who has red hair and the person who has black hair.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the second house.
there is one house between the dane and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the chinese is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is alice.
there is one house between the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 and the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the german.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of bob.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the second house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the norwegian is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the root beer lover is the german.
the tea drinker is the swedish person.
the swedish person is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is the prince smoker.
eric and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the swedish person.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the tea drinker.
the person who loves classical music is peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves white.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves classical music is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose birthday is in september is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who smokes blue master.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the prince smoker and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves mystery books is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves pop music.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves rock music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
peter is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is in the second house.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a dog.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who owns a dog.
the one who only drinks water is the bird keeper.
alice is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is the tea drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the fish enthusiast is the coffee drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves pop music is the cat lover.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is super tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of peter.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named alice.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person who loves rock music.
the person who is short is the cat lover.
alice is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is penny and the person who is short.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the first house.
carol is the person who is tall.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves biography books is the desert smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves country music.
the rabbit owner is in the third house.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the cat lover.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the dunhill smoker and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
alice is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves mystery books.
alice is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
peter and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who keeps horses and arnold are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who enjoys gardening.
the cat lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person who has a cat is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in april.
there are two houses between arnold and bob.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is the person with a pet hamster.
eric is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
bob is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric are next to each other.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves biography books.
peter is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person who loves biography books.
bob is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
arnold and bob are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves tennis.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the british person is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in january.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is short is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is short and the person who is very short.
arnold and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is in the fifth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person with a pet hamster.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves baseball.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of peter.
the swedish person is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the dane.
eric is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric is not in the first house.
peter is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the dane is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
eric is directly left of arnold.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
bob is not in the second house.
peter is not in the second house.
arnold is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the first house.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves mystery books is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the prince smoker.
arnold and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
eric is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
peter is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has blonde hair and bob are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who has black hair is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september is carol.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is not in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the soup is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person with a doctorate.
the coffee drinker is the person with a high school diploma.
there are two houses between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person with an associate's degree.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
the dunhill smoker and bob are next to each other.
there are two houses between alice and the boba tea drinker.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who attended trade school is the prince smoker.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves stir fry.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between the person partial to pall mall and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the dunhill smoker.
alice is the tea drinker.
arnold is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person with a master's degree is peter.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
the one who only drinks water is bob.
the root beer lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is in the fifth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is bob.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves the stew.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and arnold are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who keeps horses.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between eric and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is the person who has an average height.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the first house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the dane and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the swedish person.
the swedish person is arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the norwegian.
the norwegian is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and peter.
the person whose birthday is in february is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is very short is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is very tall is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves white.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is tall.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is not in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the fish enthusiast is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is not in the first house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who has an average height.
there is one house between the person who is very short and the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a master's degree and peter are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is eric.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the coffee drinker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves hip-hop music.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the one who only drinks water is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is eric.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the root beer lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves white.
the person who loves classical music and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves pop music is the root beer lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves white.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person's child is named fred is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
bob is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
bob is directly left of alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person's child is named samantha.
peter is not in the third house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the fifth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is the cat lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who keeps horses is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes milk.
the dog owner is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the root beer lover is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the one who only drinks water.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the third house.
the british person is the person who loves historical fiction books.
bob is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the british person.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who owns a dog.
alice is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the british person is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is the swedish person.
the prince smoker is the chinese.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
the british person is alice.
the norwegian is the person who loves biography books.
the dane and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves romance books.
eric is the person who prefers city breaks.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is the person who is tall.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height is eric.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the third house.
bob is the person who is short.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the second house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who owns a dog is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves purple and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person who loves rock music.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
bob is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves white is the person who loves historical fiction books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and the person who loves yellow.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person partial to pall mall is the british person.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
there is one house between bob and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves yellow is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves white.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves white is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves swimming.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves blue is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves basketball.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person residing in a victorian house and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is a doctor.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person with an associate's degree.
there is one house between the boba tea drinker and bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who goes on cultural tours is carol.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the coffee drinker is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the sixth house.
the one who only drinks water and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
bob is not in the third house.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the dunhill smoker is in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is alice.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves swimming is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who prefers city breaks is the british person.
alice and eric are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is peter.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fourth house.
the german is eric.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the british person is the dog owner.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the german.
the person who has a cat is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the swedish person and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the swedish person is peter.
the dane is in the second house.
eric and the cat lover are next to each other.
the german is in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the bird keeper.
the dog owner is arnold.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of bob.
there is one house between the bird keeper and peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the bird keeper is the person who loves purple.
the person in a ranch-style home is the one who only drinks water.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person in a modern-style house is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the bird keeper is the person in a ranch-style home.
the rabbit owner is in the sixth house.
the boba tea drinker is peter.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the bird keeper is carol.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the boba tea drinker.
bob is the tea drinker.
the person residing in a victorian house is the dog owner.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is not in the sixth house.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and alice.
there is one house between peter and alice.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is carol.
peter is in the sixth house.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
bob is in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who loves the stew and arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is the cat lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
eric and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves biography books is arnold.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the third house.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is bob.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
the person who loves mystery books is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there is one house between eric and the tea drinker.
the person who likes milk is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the dane.
the desert smoothie lover is the swedish person.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person with a high school diploma.
the tea drinker is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the tea drinker.
the person who likes milk is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves tennis is the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the british person.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves soccer.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the german is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves white is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves blue.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a high school diploma is carol.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the chinese.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the boba tea drinker and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
there is one house between the british person and the chinese.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who likes milk and peter.
bob is the person with a master's degree.
the swedish person is the person with a master's degree.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the german is in the fifth house.
the norwegian is the one who only drinks water.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the tea drinker are next to each other.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves soccer.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who is very short is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves biography books is eric.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between bob and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is arnold.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves soccer are next to each other.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
eric and the person residing in a victorian house are next to each other.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves fantasy books is not in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
arnold is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves basketball is the british person.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the norwegian is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the norwegian.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dane.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
eric is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is short is the prince smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is short are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the swedish person is the person who loves cooking.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the sixth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who loves the boquet of iris are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is peter.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is the norwegian.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of bob.
the british person is directly left of carol.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is arnold.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
eric is directly left of the prince smoker.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the prince smoker.
peter is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves cooking.
the person partial to pall mall is the photography enthusiast.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the second house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
arnold is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves white is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves pop music.
the british person is the cat lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the british person.
the dane is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a doctor and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is peter.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who is a doctor.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who is tall is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
the person with a doctorate is bob.
the person who attended trade school is not in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who attended trade school.
alice is not in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is carol.
the person with a doctorate is not in the first house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who attended trade school.
arnold is in the fifth house.
there is one house between bob and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is eric.
the dane is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the dane is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the british person is the person who loves white.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves rock music.
the dane is peter.
peter is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
the person who has a cat is the british person.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves purple.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves blue is the person with a pet hamster.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is red and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
carol is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow and the german are next to each other.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the dane is the person who loves yellow.
bob is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the person who loves white.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the rabbit owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is carol.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of carol.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the dog owner is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who attended trade school is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a dog.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is not in the second house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has red hair is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is eric.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who is very short.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the first house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the first house.
the person who is tall is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who has black hair.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is bob.
the person who has brown hair is the one who only drinks water.
eric is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who has brown hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has gray hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who likes going on cruises.
the coffee drinker is the prince smoker.
the coffee drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
eric is the tea drinker.
the prince smoker is in the third house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is peter.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has blonde hair.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
bob is the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person with a pet hamster.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who has a cat is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves mystery books and the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the british person is the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the dane is not in the third house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of eric.
the german is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is bob.
there is one house between the dane and the chinese.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
eric is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is eric.
the tea drinker is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is very short is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is short is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an engineer is not in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in march.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is alice.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the third house.
there is one house between arnold and bob.
arnold is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and eric.
the person with a doctorate is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person who loves rock music is bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the sixth house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the chinese is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the norwegian.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
carol is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the german is the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dane is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the chinese.
the british person is not in the third house.
the swedish person is the person who loves pop music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the dane is the woodworking hobbyist.
the british person is in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
eric is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
arnold is the swedish person.
the dane is in the first house.
peter is in the fifth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves mystery books.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who prefers city breaks is the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who is a pizza lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the dane and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the swedish person.
the swedish person is arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the norwegian.
the norwegian is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of eric.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the second house.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
there is one house between alice and eric.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between alice and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person's child is named bella.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
there is one house between eric and the tea drinker.
the person who likes milk is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the dane.
the desert smoothie lover is the swedish person.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves rock music is in the third house.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fourth house.
arnold is in the third house.
eric is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a ranch-style home and the person whose mother's name is kailyn are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of peter.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
bob is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is an artist.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the rabbit owner.
the british person is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who owns a dog.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
the person who has a cat is in the third house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
the root beer lover is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who has a cat is bob.
peter is the person with a pet hamster.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who has a cat.
the coffee drinker is not in the fifth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a dog.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves pop music is not in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is peter.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
eric and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of peter.
there is one house between peter and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is the one who only drinks water.
peter is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the tea drinker is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has red hair and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
peter is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose birthday is in january is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who has blonde hair is eric.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of eric.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who is an engineer is alice.
alice and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
peter is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is an artist is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an artist.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves swimming is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves tennis.
bob is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who likes going on cruises is arnold.
bob is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys camping trips and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person's child is named bella.
eric and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
peter and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is eric.
bob and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
the person who is tall is carol.
the person with a master's degree is the person with a pet hamster.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who is very tall.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who is super tall is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree and the watermelon smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who attended trade school.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves baseball is arnold.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
bob is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves basketball is in the fourth house.
bob is the person who loves jazz music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and alice.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a dog is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who has a cat is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between the person who is a pizza lover and peter.
there is one house between arnold and eric.
peter is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
peter is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who owns a dog is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming and alice are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
eric is in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves baseball.
alice is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
bob is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the cat lover.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves white is the person who loves tennis.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is somewhere to the left of eric.
bob is the person whose birthday is in march.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves rock music and carol are next to each other.
the person who loves country music is not in the sixth house.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the first house.
the person who loves rock music and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose birthday is in march.
the swedish person is the person who loves cooking.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the sixth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who loves the boquet of iris are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is peter.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is the norwegian.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of bob.
the british person is directly left of carol.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is arnold.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is very short is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of eric.
alice and the person in a ranch-style home are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves basketball is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves tennis.
eric is not in the third house.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has a cat.
eric is not in the second house.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who is very tall is the root beer lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the boba tea drinker is carol.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the tea drinker.
the boba tea drinker is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person who is tall and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who has an average height is directly left of arnold.
the person who is super tall and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is super tall is the tea drinker.
the person who is short is carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is the prince smoker.
eric is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves the stew.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
carol is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between the desert smoothie lover and peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of arnold.
carol is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the cat lover is bob.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is a pizza lover.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the person who loves stir fry.
arnold is the rabbit owner.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves pop music is the cat lover.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is super tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of peter.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named alice.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person who loves rock music.
the person who is short is the cat lover.
alice is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is penny and the person who is short.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the first house.
carol is the person who is tall.
alice is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who loves white.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and eric are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
peter is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is alice.
the person who loves the vase of tulips and peter are next to each other.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves white.
the person who loves white is the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person partial to pall mall is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
alice is directly left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the fourth house.
arnold is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between peter and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves cooking is in the third house.
bob is not in the third house.
there is one house between the woodworking hobbyist and carol.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of peter.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
bob is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is an artist.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the rabbit owner.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby and arnold are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between alice and peter.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves cooking is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who has an average height.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the second house.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves basketball.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the dane.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and arnold.
arnold is the swedish person.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the bird keeper.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
carol is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person in a mediterranean-style villa and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who attended trade school is the cat lover.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who attended trade school are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
alice and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of eric.
the dog owner is bob.
arnold is the person who loves baseball.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves basketball and the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
bob is the german.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who has red hair.
the german is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves the stew is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who has black hair.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person with a master's degree and the person who loves mystery books are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is peter.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
there is one house between eric and alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who has brown hair and alice are next to each other.
alice is the person who has red hair.
there are two houses between the person who has brown hair and the person who has blonde hair.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is a nurse is in the sixth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves volleyball is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
there are two houses between the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the fifth house.
alice is not in the fifth house.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
alice and bob are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is alice.
the person's child is named fred is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves white is the prince smoker.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dunhill smoker is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the british person is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the prince smoker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who keeps horses is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the bird keeper.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the root beer lover is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who likes milk.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is bob.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is in the sixth house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in may is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the dog owner is in the first house.
bob is not in the second house.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the second house.
bob and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in february.
eric is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person whose birthday is in april are next to each other.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the coffee drinker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves hip-hop music.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the one who only drinks water is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is eric.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the root beer lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves white.
the person who loves classical music and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves pop music is the root beer lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves white.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
there is one house between peter and the person who is a teacher.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is very short.
the person who has black hair is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who has brown hair is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has an average height is the desert smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is a nurse is in the sixth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves volleyball is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
there are two houses between the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who is an artist is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is an artist is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a teacher.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who loves yellow.
the person who is an artist is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a honda civic is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who loves white.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named bella.
the person who has an average height is the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who loves white.
alice is in the third house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is short is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is very short is the person's child is named fred.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
the german is bob.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the norwegian.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the german is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the swedish person is the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter.
the person who is short is directly left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the first house.
the person who is short is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of alice.
there is one house between peter and eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a doctor and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is carol.
alice is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a teacher is alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves baseball is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
carol is the person who loves tennis.
the dog owner is the person who loves swimming.
the photography enthusiast is the tea drinker.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who keeps horses.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves soccer.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is carol.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the woodworking hobbyist is the dog owner.
there are two houses between the person who paints as a hobby and the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fifth house.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the norwegian.
there is one house between arnold and the british person.
the german and the person who loves historical fiction books are next to each other.
there is one house between the german and carol.
the swedish person is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is in the third house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the chinese is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves mystery books.
carol is somewhere to the right of alice.
arnold is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person whose mother's name is holly and eric are next to each other.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is an artist is alice.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is the root beer lover.
there are two houses between the person who is an engineer and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
eric is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is an artist.
carol is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who is a lawyer is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there is one house between the person partial to pall mall and the person who loves mystery books.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books is the dunhill smoker.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the person who loves fantasy books is not in the fourth house.
the prince smoker and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves tennis.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person with a high school diploma is the bird keeper.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of alice.
the person who loves stir fry is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves pop music is arnold.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves stir fry is carol.
arnold is in the fourth house.
bob is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
alice is in the third house.
peter is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves cooking is the person who has an average height.
alice is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the second house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person who has an average height and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
there are two houses between the prince smoker and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves white is bob.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves mystery books and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the root beer lover is bob.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
peter is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves beach vacations.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the first house.
arnold is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the coffee drinker is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in january is the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse is carol.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who enjoys camping trips.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is directly left of alice.
the person who loves rock music is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose favorite color is red.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves rock music is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the swedish person is the person who has black hair.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the second house.
the british person and arnold are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who has red hair.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the swedish person is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person's child is named bella.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves rock music is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
there is one house between arnold and the person who has a cat.
alice is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of eric.
the bird keeper is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in january.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person with a master's degree is the person who paints as a hobby.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves cooking is alice.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves yellow.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves purple is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who is an artist is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is an artist is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a teacher.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
peter and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
there is one house between alice and the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the british person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the dane is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
eric is the norwegian.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is arnold.
bob is directly left of peter.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves yellow.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the tea drinker is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who likes going on cruises is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of eric.
bob and eric are next to each other.
the person who has black hair and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has red hair is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who has brown hair.
bob is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the root beer lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in march.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in january and peter.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the person who likes milk is not in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
there is one house between the tea drinker and the coffee drinker.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the dane is the person who is an engineer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the swedish person is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who has a cat is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves classical music.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is in the third house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who keeps horses is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person residing in a victorian house and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is a doctor.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person with an associate's degree.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves rock music is not in the third house.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
arnold is the person who loves rock music.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who loves beach vacations is peter.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is carol.
the rabbit owner is bob.
the rabbit owner is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the cat lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the dog owner.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in may and the person whose mother's name is sarah are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the cat lover.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in march and the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the second house.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the right of the person who goes on cultural tours.
carol is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat and the prince smoker are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the dane is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves basketball is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is very short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who is very short.
bob is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who has a cat and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person with a pet hamster is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a rabbit is eric.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
alice is directly left of carol.
carol is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the soup is the person whose birthday is in may.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person who loves stir fry.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is an artist is in the third house.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person who is short is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is a lawyer are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has an average height is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who is tall is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is in the first house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the root beer lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose favorite color is green is the coffee drinker.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves blue.
eric is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is peter.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves swimming.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is bob.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the person who loves soccer is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the dane.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and arnold.
arnold is the swedish person.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is not in the fifth house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
the cat lover is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the fish enthusiast.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the person who likes milk and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has a cat and the prince smoker are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the dane is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves basketball is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is in the first house.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
alice is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the third house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
arnold is the dunhill smoker.
bob is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
there is one house between the prince smoker and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a toyota camry is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the british person is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves white is the prince smoker.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dunhill smoker is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the prince smoker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the prince smoker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a doctor and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is carol.
alice is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a teacher is alice.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is somewhere to the left of eric.
bob is the person whose birthday is in march.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves rock music and carol are next to each other.
the person who loves country music is not in the sixth house.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the first house.
the person who loves rock music and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of bob.
peter is in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is eric.
alice is not in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the first house.
the person who loves stir fry is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves the stew is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is the person who loves the stew.
there are two houses between the person in a modern-style house and arnold.
the person who loves the stew is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
carol is not in the fourth house.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between eric and the dunhill smoker.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person partial to pall mall.
arnold is the dunhill smoker.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is not in the first house.
there are two houses between eric and the person partial to pall mall.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves cooking.
the person in a ranch-style home is alice.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who owns a toyota camry.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between the person who enjoys gardening and arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the fifth house.
alice is not in the third house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a toyota camry is bob.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
peter is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is the person who has an average height.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the first house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the coffee drinker is in the first house.
arnold is in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a master's degree.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
eric is in the fourth house.
bob is somewhere to the left of alice.
bob is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
arnold is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is green is eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves white.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
bob and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
alice is directly left of bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is the british person.
alice is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who loves blue is the dane.
eric is the person who loves purple.
carol is in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves yellow.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
alice is directly left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves pop music.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who is a lawyer.
alice is the person partial to pall mall.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the german is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is tall is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
peter is the person who is short.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
there are two houses between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves stir fry.
the person who has an average height is in the second house.
the prince smoker is the person who is a doctor.
the swedish person is the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves stir fry.
there is one house between the british person and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is very tall is the norwegian.
the dane is the person who is short.
the person who is very tall is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is very tall.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the cat lover is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who loves the stew.
the person residing in a victorian house and the bird keeper are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
the cat lover is arnold.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
bob is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the coffee drinker is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is the tea drinker.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
eric is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
arnold is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a master's degree.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person who is an artist is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves soccer is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is very short.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the stew is arnold.
the person who is an artist is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
alice is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the british person is the person who owns a dog.
the dane is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home and eric are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
peter is not in the first house.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves white is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the swedish person is not in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dane is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the norwegian.
the person who loves beach vacations and peter are next to each other.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the dane.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves country music is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
bob is the person who loves jazz music.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a nurse is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between bob and the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is not in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves country music.
the person who loves classical music is alice.
the person who is a nurse is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
bob is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who has a cat and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person with a pet hamster is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a rabbit is eric.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
alice is directly left of carol.
carol is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is not in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves baseball and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the fourth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fifth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a pet hamster.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is short.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person who owns a dog is arnold.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the cat lover is bob.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps horses is in the fifth house.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is in the first house.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who is an artist.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
bob is directly left of the bird keeper.
the dog owner is in the fifth house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric and the cat lover are next to each other.
the cat lover is directly left of the dog owner.
peter is in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves yellow and the person who loves blue are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there are two houses between carol and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is bob.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves soccer is carol.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person who has a cat is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
peter is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of eric.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a doctor and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is carol.
alice is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a teacher is alice.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person who is an artist is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who is a teacher.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who has a cat.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who has a cat.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and alice.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
peter and the cat lover are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person who loves cooking.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the sixth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who loves the boquet of iris are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is peter.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is the norwegian.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of bob.
the british person is directly left of carol.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is arnold.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is peter.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
peter is not in the first house.
alice is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person who owns a dog is the person's child is named fred.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of eric.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
bob is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with a pet hamster.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the photography enthusiast and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person with an aquarium of fish and the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the photography enthusiast is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is alice.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the first house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the sixth house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
there is one house between bob and carol.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the left of carol.
arnold is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the dane.
eric is not in the second house.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is tall.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is not in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the fish enthusiast is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is not in the first house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who has an average height.
there is one house between the person who is very short and the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a master's degree and peter are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is eric.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who likes milk.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who owns a toyota camry.
arnold is the tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is in the third house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the root beer lover.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is alice.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the root beer lover is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who owns a honda civic and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
bob is in the third house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between peter and carol.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and carol are next to each other.
bob is directly left of carol.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the dunhill smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the chinese and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is bob.
peter is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the fourth house.
the chinese is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
bob is directly left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the chinese.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the dane.
there is one house between arnold and the swedish person.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the british person.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and eric.
the person who is short is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves cooking is the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who has an average height.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very short.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who is tall.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves soccer are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is in the third house.
peter and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the bird keeper.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has an average height.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
alice is in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the first house.
the boba tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who likes milk is bob.
the person who loves the soup is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the root beer lover is the person who is short.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the soup is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the coffee drinker.
bob and the one who only drinks water are next to each other.
the person who loves the stew is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who is very short.
carol is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the dane is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
there is one house between the person who loves science fiction books and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves white is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the german is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves the stew.
the person's child is named samantha is directly left of the german.
alice is the swedish person.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the norwegian is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the prince smoker and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves white is bob.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves mystery books and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the prince smoker is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
alice is directly left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the fourth house.
arnold is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between peter and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves cooking is in the third house.
bob is not in the third house.
there is one house between the woodworking hobbyist and carol.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves country music is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
bob is the person who loves jazz music.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a nurse is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between bob and the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is not in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves country music.
the person who loves classical music is alice.
the person who is a nurse is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
arnold and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
bob and peter are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person with a doctorate is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the second house.
eric and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the norwegian.
the cat lover and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the german is bob.
the person who loves yellow is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
there is one house between the dane and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
the person who keeps horses is alice.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the norwegian and arnold.
the person who loves romance books is the british person.
there are two houses between the norwegian and alice.
the bird keeper is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dog owner is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the stew is the norwegian.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has brown hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
arnold is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the fish enthusiast and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
peter and the person whose birthday is in february are next to each other.
bob is not in the third house.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person whose birthday is in january is the bird keeper.
peter is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is in the second house.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a dog.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who owns a dog.
the one who only drinks water is the bird keeper.
alice is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is the tea drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the fish enthusiast is the coffee drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of arnold.
the swedish person is the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the chinese and the person with a pet hamster.
the german is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the swedish person is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the dane is carol.
the person who owns a dog is not in the sixth house.
the swedish person is not in the sixth house.
the swedish person and peter are next to each other.
the person's child is named alice is peter.
arnold is the norwegian.
bob is somewhere to the right of the chinese.
carol is the person who owns a dog.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
there is one house between carol and the person who goes on cultural tours.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
alice is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a master's degree and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
eric is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves yellow.
the person's child is named fred and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person's child is named samantha is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is the person's child is named alice.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is the person who is the mother of timothy.
arnold is directly left of carol.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is in the sixth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves mystery books is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves science fiction books is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of arnold.
peter is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is tall.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the dunhill smoker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who is super tall is alice.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves volleyball is in the first house.
peter and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who is short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves swimming is carol.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is super tall.
the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the dane.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is arnold.
the dane is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the swedish person is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a dog is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is in the first house.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves soccer is in the sixth house.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the photography enthusiast is the person who smokes yellow monster.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of alice.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves soccer is the prince smoker.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the third house.
the person who has auburn hair is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the dunhill smoker is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves baseball is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves pop music.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves rock music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
there is one house between alice and the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the british person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the dane is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
eric is the norwegian.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is the person who has an average height.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is tall.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person who has an average height is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who has black hair.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who has an average height.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves classical music.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is in the third house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who keeps horses is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is the fish enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves cooking is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dog owner.
the person with a high school diploma is alice.
peter is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves jazz music.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves jazz music is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys knitting is bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who has auburn hair.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who loves country music.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is the swedish person.
the dane is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is the person who keeps horses.
the person residing in a victorian house is the cat lover.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
bob is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric are next to each other.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves biography books.
peter is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person who loves biography books.
bob is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
arnold and bob are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in april.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the third house.
the person who loves classical music is in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who keeps horses and arnold are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who enjoys gardening.
the cat lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves rock music.
the dane is peter.
peter is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the fourth house.
alice is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is in the third house.
the person who likes going on cruises is arnold.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of eric.
carol and the rabbit owner are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the cat lover is not in the sixth house.
peter is in the fifth house.
the dog owner is the person who is an artist.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the bird keeper is alice.
the person who is a teacher and alice are next to each other.
alice is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the bird keeper.
peter is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the cat lover is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named bella.
arnold and the person with an associate's degree are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the bird keeper.
the person with a master's degree is the fish enthusiast.
the person with a high school diploma is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who has red hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the boba tea drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the british person is directly left of eric.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
eric is the chinese.
the tea drinker is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the german is in the second house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the root beer lover is directly left of the norwegian.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dane and the british person are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the dane.
bob is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
alice is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who attended trade school.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the sixth house.
bob is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is arnold.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is the prince smoker.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves baseball is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
carol is the person who loves tennis.
the dog owner is the person who loves swimming.
the photography enthusiast is the tea drinker.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who keeps horses.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves soccer.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is carol.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the woodworking hobbyist is the dog owner.
there are two houses between the person who paints as a hobby and the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a dog is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is the person who loves basketball.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in april.
the dane is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the person in a craftsman-style house and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves soccer.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is not in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball and peter are next to each other.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of peter.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
bob is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is an artist.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the rabbit owner.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
arnold is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a master's degree.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person who is an artist is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves soccer is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is very short.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the desert smoothie lover.
eric and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
eric is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the dane.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is eric.
the bird keeper is peter.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
the swedish person is directly left of the dog owner.
there are two houses between the dog owner and the british person.
the dane is the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is the cat lover.
bob is the bird keeper.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the norwegian is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who is an artist.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
bob is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person's child is named meredith is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the bird keeper is in the second house.
the person who is very short is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person's child is named fred is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is very short.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who loves white is the person's child is named meredith.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
peter and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is eric.
bob and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
the person who is tall is carol.
the person with a master's degree is the person with a pet hamster.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who is very tall.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who is super tall is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree and the watermelon smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who attended trade school.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in january.
the bird keeper is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of bob.
the fish enthusiast is eric.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who loves classical music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves rock music is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of peter.
eric is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who is short.
the person who loves classical music is the prince smoker.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who is a teacher.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the dog owner.
peter is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person who keeps horses is not in the first house.
there is one house between bob and the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves swimming is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves tennis.
alice is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves stir fry is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who enjoys gardening.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of alice.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves romance books.
the photography enthusiast and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who loves biography books.
eric is not in the third house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is alice.
the person who loves romance books is alice.
the person who loves biography books is bob.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between eric and peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is carol.
the person who loves science fiction books and the person who uses a huawei p50 are next to each other.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves fantasy books are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is not in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves white is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose favorite color is green are next to each other.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is the fish enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves cooking is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dog owner.
the person with a high school diploma is alice.
peter is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves jazz music.
alice is in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person with a doctorate.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves volleyball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
alice is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves rock music and the person with a bachelor's degree.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of carol.
eric is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves volleyball are next to each other.
peter is the person who loves tennis.
the person with a doctorate is peter.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who has brown hair is eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves romance books is the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the norwegian.
the cat lover and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the german is bob.
the person who loves yellow is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
there is one house between the dane and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
the person who keeps horses is alice.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the norwegian and arnold.
the person who loves romance books is the british person.
there are two houses between the norwegian and alice.
the bird keeper is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dog owner is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the stew is the norwegian.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is very short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who is very short.
bob is directly left of the person who is tall.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is the person who is very tall.
there is one house between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who is short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who is tall is arnold.
the person who is super tall is in the first house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is carol.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is short is in the sixth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the first house.
the person who loves country music is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
there are two houses between the person who loves science fiction books and alice.
the person who loves biography books is eric.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of carol.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves country music.
the person who owns a dog is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is in the fifth house.
bob is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the stew.
the person who likes milk is the person with a pet hamster.
there is one house between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who has a cat.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
carol is the coffee drinker.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person's child is named alice.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person's child is named bella and bob are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is peter.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the soup.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in march is the tea drinker.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named meredith.
the root beer lover is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
carol is directly left of alice.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the second house.
there is one house between the dane and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the chinese is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is alice.
there is one house between the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 and the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the german.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of bob.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the second house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the norwegian is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person partial to pall mall is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the dunhill smoker.
peter and the root beer lover are next to each other.
the prince smoker is bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who smokes blue master.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the root beer lover is in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the coffee drinker.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the boba tea drinker is the person partial to pall mall.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
alice is not in the first house.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
eric is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the dane.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person partial to pall mall is in the first house.
the prince smoker is peter.
peter is in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who likes milk is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has brown hair.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a doctor is the dane.
eric is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the german.
bob is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
the swedish person is in the second house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
alice is the person who has red hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the british person.
the person who has red hair is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who is an engineer and the british person are next to each other.
there is one house between arnold and the person who has red hair.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves romance books.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the root beer lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose favorite color is green is the coffee drinker.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves blue.
eric is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is peter.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the first house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is a doctor.
eric is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
there is one house between alice and the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the british person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the dane is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
eric is the norwegian.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
eric is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
bob is in the second house.
the person who loves biography books is in the first house.
bob and peter are next to each other.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books is in the fourth house.
peter is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
bob is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
arnold and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the prince smoker is eric.
the person who loves mystery books and the dane are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is short.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the person who loves tennis is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
arnold is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves basketball is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who likes milk.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the second house.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is bob.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the first house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
bob is directly left of the person who is tall.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is the person who is very tall.
there is one house between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who is short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who is tall is arnold.
the person who is super tall is in the first house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is carol.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is short is in the sixth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic and arnold are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is an artist.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who enjoys gardening and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is a teacher is in the third house.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person who is an artist is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who is a teacher.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who loves beach vacations.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person's child is named fred is in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who likes going on cruises.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of alice.
alice is in the third house.
the person who has a cat is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
peter is in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
arnold is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves rock music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
the person who owns a rabbit is in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between carol and alice.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is eric.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is not in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a doctor is the dane.
eric is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the german.
bob is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
the swedish person is in the second house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
alice is the person who has red hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the british person.
the person who has red hair is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who is an engineer and the british person are next to each other.
there is one house between arnold and the person who has red hair.
the tea drinker is the person who loves tennis.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fifth house.
bob is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves swimming and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person who loves baseball.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named fred is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who keeps a pet bird is alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the swedish person is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the dane is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the swedish person is not in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dane is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of eric.
bob and eric are next to each other.
the person who has black hair and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has red hair is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who has brown hair.
bob is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the person who loves rock music.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
peter and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is an artist.
the person who has a cat is the person who is an engineer.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person with an associate's degree is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
the person with an associate's degree is in the fourth house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person in a ranch-style home.
bob is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves tennis.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
there are two houses between the person who loves soccer and the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves swimming is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the british person is not in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a dog is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is the person who loves basketball.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in april.
the dane is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is bob.
the person who is very short is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who is very tall.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is directly left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is very short is the person who has gray hair.
eric is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has red hair is the person who is tall.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person who has black hair is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the one who only drinks water is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who has brown hair is carol.
the person who has an average height is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is super tall and arnold are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who has an average height.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who is short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who is very short.
arnold and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of eric.
the cat lover and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
carol is the person who loves yellow.
alice is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is red and bob.
alice is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is directly left of bob.
bob is somewhere to the left of carol.
bob is directly left of the person who loves purple.
eric is the person who loves blue.
bob is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who paints as a hobby is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who has red hair is the person who enjoys gardening.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between the person with an associate's degree and peter.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person with a high school diploma.
bob is the person with a bachelor's degree.
carol is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves purple and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who loves fantasy books and the person who loves blue.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves blue.
carol is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves purple is the person with a doctorate.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the fifth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who owns a dog.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named bella.
the person who has an average height and the person who uses a oneplus 9 are next to each other.
alice is the person who has a cat.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person's child is named fred is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who is very tall is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the third house.
the british person is the person who loves historical fiction books.
bob is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the british person.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who owns a dog.
alice is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the british person is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is the swedish person.
the prince smoker is the chinese.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
the british person is alice.
the norwegian is the person who loves biography books.
the dane and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves the stew is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who has black hair.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person with a master's degree and the person who loves mystery books are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is peter.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who loves beach vacations.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person's child is named fred is in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who likes going on cruises.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
alice is in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of peter.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person with a master's degree.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who is tall is alice.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves yellow.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the tea drinker is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who attended trade school.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the sixth house.
bob is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the prince smoker.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves biography books is in the second house.
eric is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of bob.
the prince smoker is arnold.
the person who loves yellow is eric.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person with an associate's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
eric is the tea drinker.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of eric.
there is one house between peter and arnold.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is the british person.
there is one house between eric and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the chinese is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves mystery books is the british person.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
carol is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the swedish person.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
bob is in the fifth house.
carol is in the second house.
the norwegian and alice are next to each other.
the swedish person is not in the fifth house.
the german and the norwegian are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the british person is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves romance books is eric.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the dane is the person who loves soccer.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
there are two houses between carol and peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is peter.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is short and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves beach vacations.
there are two houses between the person who smokes blue master and the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is tall is not in the first house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is very tall is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who smokes blue master.
bob is in the first house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who has an average height is the person who prefers city breaks.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who is very tall is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
carol is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the norwegian.
there is one house between the person who is very short and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is short is arnold.
the dane is the person who is super tall.
the british person is in the sixth house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the german.
the person who has gray hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is carol.
bob is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of arnold.
there are two houses between alice and the person who has an average height.
the dane is not in the first house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who is tall is the person who has gray hair.
the chinese is in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who is very tall and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is short is in the second house.
eric is the dane.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the british person.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has a cat.
eric is the person who has an average height.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is tall.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person who has an average height is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who has black hair.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who has an average height.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has an average height and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very tall.
the person with a master's degree is bob.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person with a doctorate is directly left of alice.
the person with a master's degree is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is the person who is tall.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
arnold is the person with a doctorate.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the british person.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the dane.
eric is the tea drinker.
the british person is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
bob is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is not in the fourth house.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is bob.
the person who is an engineer is the dog owner.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the cat lover.
the person who keeps horses is the person who is a teacher.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is tall is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is a teacher.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the rabbit owner is alice.
the fish enthusiast is carol.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who is super tall is in the fifth house.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who loves white.
arnold is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves white and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves tennis.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the dane is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an engineer is not in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in march.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the third house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes many unique blends and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
arnold is the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is in the third house.
bob is not in the fifth house.
alice is in the first house.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person with a master's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has red hair is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves rock music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves hip-hop music.
there are two houses between arnold and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
carol is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves country music is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
bob is in the third house.
the chinese and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is bob.
peter is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the fourth house.
the chinese is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
bob is directly left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the chinese.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the dane.
there is one house between arnold and the swedish person.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the british person.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and eric.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the prince smoker.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves the stew is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves stir fry.
the coffee drinker is in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of arnold.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who is very short.
the person who is super tall is the tea drinker.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person who is very short is the coffee drinker.
the person who is super tall is bob.
the person who is super tall and the person whose birthday is in march are next to each other.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who has an average height.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter.
the person who is very short is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is short.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of carol.
there are two houses between the person who loves volleyball and the person who has an average height.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a toyota camry are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who is super tall.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves swimming.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person who loves baseball is in the fifth house.
eric is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
the person who has an average height is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves swimming is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves tennis.
bob is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who likes going on cruises is arnold.
bob is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys camping trips and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
alice is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of bob.
carol is the person who has gray hair.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is the boba tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves pop music is not in the first house.
the root beer lover is in the second house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the person who is very tall and the dog owner are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who has an average height.
the cat lover is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is very short is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who has red hair.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person who has red hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is super tall is not in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who has black hair.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who is tall.
bob and the fish enthusiast are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the prince smoker is peter.
there is one house between the person who has blonde hair and the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of alice.
the person who is super tall is eric.
the person who is short is the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the person who is short and the person who has auburn hair are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the british person is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves white is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves classical music.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves tennis is in the second house.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the first house.
the person who has red hair is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the bird keeper.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person whose mother's name is kailyn are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves white.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has red hair.
peter and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves basketball is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
there is one house between the boba tea drinker and bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who goes on cultural tours is carol.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the coffee drinker is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the sixth house.
the one who only drinks water and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
bob is not in the third house.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves pop music is the cat lover.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is super tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of peter.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named alice.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person who loves rock music.
the person who is short is the cat lover.
alice is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is penny and the person who is short.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the first house.
carol is the person who is tall.
eric is not in the first house.
the cat lover is not in the first house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
eric is directly left of carol.
the person who loves pop music is not in the third house.
eric is the person who loves country music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the coffee drinker is bob.
the person who smokes many unique blends is peter.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who smokes yellow monster.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves the soup is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves the stew.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has brown hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has brown hair.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of alice.
the tea drinker is peter.
eric is the person who has brown hair.
eric is not in the third house.
alice is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has blonde hair is the prince smoker.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fourth house.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
there is one house between the person who loves science fiction books and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves white is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the german is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves the stew.
the person's child is named samantha is directly left of the german.
alice is the swedish person.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the norwegian is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is bob.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a doctor.
bob is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is a doctor and bob are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of alice.
arnold is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
bob is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who has brown hair and carol are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of arnold.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person with a master's degree.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the british person.
the norwegian and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
alice is the german.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the third house.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
bob is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who owns a toyota camry.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is carol.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
carol is the person who loves cooking.
eric is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves cooking is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who enjoys knitting.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who owns a toyota camry.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is carol.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
carol is the person who loves cooking.
eric is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves cooking is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of peter.
eric is in the second house.
the dane is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves swimming.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is bob.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the person who loves soccer is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who is an artist is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is an artist is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a teacher.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of eric.
the bird keeper is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is tall is arnold.
the person's child is named samantha is the tea drinker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the coffee drinker.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who likes milk is the person who is short.
alice is the person's child is named fred.
peter and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
eric is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person who has gray hair and bob are next to each other.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves classical music is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has brown hair is bob.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person who has black hair is in the third house.
there are two houses between the coffee drinker and arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves jazz music.
peter is the person's child is named meredith.
eric and arnold are next to each other.
eric is not in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a dog is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is the person who loves basketball.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in april.
the dane is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who has black hair and alice are next to each other.
bob is directly left of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
alice is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who has black hair is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has a cat is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves rock music.
the dane is peter.
peter is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books and eric are next to each other.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and arnold are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is holly.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
bob is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the german is the person who is a pizza lover.
eric is directly left of the person who loves blue.
alice is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves stir fry is the british person.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves blue is the norwegian.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the cat lover is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the right of the rabbit owner.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the norwegian.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
peter is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the dane is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the british person.
there is one house between alice and the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the german is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the norwegian.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who loves classical music.
the bird keeper is the person who loves cooking.
the cat lover is directly left of bob.
eric is not in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the german.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is short is the prince smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is short are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the right of the dog owner.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person with a bachelor's degree.
there is one house between the person with a doctorate and the cat lover.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who keeps horses.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is the person's child is named bella.
the person with a bachelor's degree is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person's child is named samantha is bob.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the dog owner and the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of eric.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
the person who has blonde hair and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the swedish person.
the person whose birthday is in april is the british person.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the swedish person.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the prince smoker is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is alice.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow and alice are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of alice.
the person who loves stir fry is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves pop music is arnold.
arnold is the person who loves baseball.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves basketball and the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
bob is the german.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who has red hair.
the german is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between eric and the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who is an artist.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
bob is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person's child is named meredith is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who owns a dog is in the third house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the second house.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
peter is directly left of the person who has a cat.
bob is in the first house.
peter is directly left of arnold.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the first house.
the person who has black hair is peter.
the person who has black hair is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who has a cat is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes milk is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is the person who has auburn hair.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who has gray hair and the person who is short.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is very tall is bob.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and peter.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is short.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a modern-style house.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the first house.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
carol is directly left of bob.
the person who is very tall is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who has red hair.
the person who is super tall is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
arnold and eric are next to each other.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the first house.
eric is the dane.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
alice is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books and bob are next to each other.
carol is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of alice.
the person who loves biography books is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is an artist.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the fifth house.
arnold is the prince smoker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who keeps horses is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the bird keeper.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves swimming is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves tennis.
alice is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
there is one house between the person who loves science fiction books and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves white is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the german is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves the stew.
the person's child is named samantha is directly left of the german.
alice is the swedish person.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the norwegian is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of eric.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves cooking.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
alice is in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the first house.
the boba tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who likes milk is bob.
the person who loves the soup is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the root beer lover is the person who is short.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the soup is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the coffee drinker.
bob and the one who only drinks water are next to each other.
the person who loves the stew is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is the person who is very short.
carol is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the tea drinker is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the first house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is a doctor.
eric is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
the fish enthusiast is the one who only drinks water.
the bird keeper is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the tea drinker is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
there are two houses between the watermelon smoothie lover and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
bob is the person who is tall.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the coffee drinker.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the fifth house.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who is super tall is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is alice.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
arnold is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very tall is not in the second house.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of eric.
the person who owns a dog is the person who likes milk.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books and eric are next to each other.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks and alice are next to each other.
there are two houses between bob and carol.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of carol.
peter is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is short.
the person who is short is the person who loves mystery books.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
there is one house between the person who loves science fiction books and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves white is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the german is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves the stew.
the person's child is named samantha is directly left of the german.
alice is the swedish person.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the norwegian is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
peter is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is in the second house.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a dog.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who owns a dog.
the one who only drinks water is the bird keeper.
alice is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is the tea drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the fish enthusiast is the coffee drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
eric is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of arnold.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
the person who loves pop music is in the first house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
alice is directly left of bob.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys knitting.
eric is in the sixth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person with an associate's degree and the person who loves volleyball.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves baseball.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
eric is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of peter.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the british person.
arnold is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric and the swedish person are next to each other.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves cooking is the person who has an average height.
alice is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the second house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person who has an average height and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
alice is in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of peter.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is alice.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
there are two houses between bob and peter.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person who loves volleyball is in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of carol.
carol is not in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is bob.
there is one house between the person who loves swimming and the person who loves basketball.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves swimming is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the second house.
arnold is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves classical music is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
carol is in the third house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the sixth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of bob.
eric is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between the person residing in a victorian house and the person with a pet hamster.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person in a modern-style house.
carol is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is bob.
the person who is very short is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who is very tall.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is directly left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is very short is the person who has gray hair.
eric is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has red hair is the person who is tall.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person who has black hair is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the one who only drinks water is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who has brown hair is carol.
the person who has an average height is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is super tall and arnold are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves pop music.
the person partial to pall mall is the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is peter.
the swedish person is eric.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the norwegian is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has blonde hair is the norwegian.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the dane.
there is one house between the person whose favorite color is red and the person who has black hair.
the german is in the third house.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the root beer lover is directly left of the german.
the norwegian is eric.
the british person is the person who likes milk.
peter is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the third house.
the coffee drinker is the person whose favorite color is green.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person who owns a dog is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
there is one house between eric and the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of peter.
carol is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
eric is directly left of carol.
the person who loves pop music is not in the third house.
eric is the person who loves country music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the coffee drinker is bob.
the person who smokes many unique blends is peter.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who smokes yellow monster.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves the soup is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves the stew.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person who loves soccer is the person's child is named fred.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the photography enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is short is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who loves cooking.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves country music is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
bob is the person who loves jazz music.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a nurse is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between bob and the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is a lawyer is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is not in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves country music.
the person who loves classical music is alice.
the person who is a nurse is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
peter is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a master's degree.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose birthday is in january.
eric is not in the first house.
bob is directly left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in march is eric.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a doctorate is the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric and peter are next to each other.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between peter and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the second house.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is bob.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the first house.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the bird keeper.
peter is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the cat lover is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named bella.
arnold and the person with an associate's degree are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the bird keeper.
the person with a master's degree is the fish enthusiast.
the person with a high school diploma is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who has red hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the root beer lover is the german.
the tea drinker is the swedish person.
the swedish person is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is the prince smoker.
eric and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the swedish person.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the tea drinker.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who has an average height.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves biography books is the desert smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves country music.
the rabbit owner is in the third house.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the cat lover.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the dunhill smoker and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the bird keeper is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the dog owner.
the fish enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves blue is carol.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is not in the sixth house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in may and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves purple is the person whose birthday is in april.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
peter is in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a doctor is the dane.
eric is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the german.
bob is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
the swedish person is in the second house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
alice is the person who has red hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the british person.
the person who has red hair is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who is an engineer and the british person are next to each other.
there is one house between arnold and the person who has red hair.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named fred and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
eric is the swedish person.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the dane.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves basketball is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves tennis.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the first house.
the person who has a cat is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person with a high school diploma is the bird keeper.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
eric and the person residing in a victorian house are next to each other.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves science fiction books is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of arnold.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of eric.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
the person who has blonde hair and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the swedish person.
the person whose birthday is in april is the british person.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the swedish person.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of peter.
the photography enthusiast is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the second house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves white.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the person who has a cat is alice.
peter is not in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is in the second house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is eric.
alice is in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person who has a cat is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
peter is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of eric.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves cooking.
the person in a ranch-style home is alice.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who owns a toyota camry.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between the person who enjoys gardening and arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the fifth house.
alice is not in the third house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a toyota camry is bob.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the dog owner.
peter is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
the person who keeps horses is not in the first house.
there is one house between bob and the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person partial to pall mall.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
peter is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of eric.
eric is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose favorite color is red is eric.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
bob is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
there is one house between carol and arnold.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the root beer lover.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person who has brown hair is not in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who is very short.
the person who is short is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has an average height is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is the cat lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the british person.
arnold is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric and the swedish person are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
arnold and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
bob and peter are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person with a doctorate is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of arnold.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and arnold are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who keeps horses.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between eric and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
the one who only drinks water is bob.
the root beer lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is in the fifth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is bob.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves the stew.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is short.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose birthday is in may are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the person who owns a toyota camry.
peter is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is very short.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is super tall.
the person who is tall is bob.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is short.
carol is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the person whose birthday is in january.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the bird keeper and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
eric is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person with a doctorate and bob are next to each other.
there is one house between carol and the person who has black hair.
peter is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person who has an average height.
alice is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
the person who has brown hair is in the second house.
the person who has an average height is in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person who is very tall.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
the person who attended trade school is the person who has red hair.
carol is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between the tea drinker and the person who is very short.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who is tall is not in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the boba tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person who enjoys knitting and alice.
alice is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the second house.
there is one house between bob and alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves hip-hop music.
arnold and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fifth house.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
the bird keeper is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the bird keeper and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
eric is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the prince smoker.
eric is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who owns a toyota camry.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is carol.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
carol is the person who loves cooking.
eric is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves cooking is in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who enjoys knitting.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the dane is the person who loves soccer.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the third house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
eric is the prince smoker.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the fourth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the fish enthusiast.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves the stew.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the british person is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves white is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves classical music.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the british person is in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
eric is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
arnold is the swedish person.
the dane is in the first house.
peter is in the fifth house.
eric is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves soccer.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
eric is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves pop music.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves mystery books.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who prefers city breaks is the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
alice is not in the fourth house.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the coffee drinker is in the third house.
peter is the tea drinker.
the person who loves basketball is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who loves tennis.
there are two houses between alice and the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the tea drinker.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who likes milk.
the german is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between alice and the british person.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between the person who has black hair and peter.
the swedish person is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who has gray hair is the german.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the dane.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person with a master's degree is alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person with a doctorate.
peter is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is arnold.
there is one house between the person with a master's degree and arnold.
the german is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between alice and the british person.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between the person who has black hair and peter.
the swedish person is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who has gray hair is the german.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the dane.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person whose favorite color is red is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
there are two houses between eric and peter.
the person who is a teacher is peter.
peter is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and alice.
the person who is an artist is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the german is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves white is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves blue.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a high school diploma is carol.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the chinese.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the boba tea drinker and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
there is one house between the british person and the chinese.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who likes milk and peter.
bob is the person with a master's degree.
the swedish person is the person with a master's degree.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the german is in the fifth house.
the norwegian is the one who only drinks water.
the british person is bob.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is the swedish person.
the fish enthusiast is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the german.
the cat lover is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a pet hamster is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person who smokes many unique blends.
peter and arnold are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who has a cat.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a dog is in the third house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
there is one house between alice and the person's child is named samantha.
eric is not in the third house.
bob is not in the third house.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is in the third house.
there is one house between eric and the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of peter.
eric is in the first house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the dane is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is the person with a high school diploma.
the dane is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person whose birthday is in september.
the cat lover is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the right of the rabbit owner.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the norwegian.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
peter is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the dane is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the british person.
there is one house between alice and the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the german is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the norwegian.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who loves classical music.
the bird keeper is the person who loves cooking.
the cat lover is directly left of bob.
eric is not in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the german.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person residing in a victorian house.
the british person is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is not in the first house.
the british person and eric are next to each other.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is short is in the second house.
eric is the dane.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the british person.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has a cat.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
there is one house between eric and the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a dog is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is the person who loves basketball.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in april.
the dane is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes milk is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of eric.
carol and the rabbit owner are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the cat lover is not in the sixth house.
peter is in the fifth house.
the dog owner is the person who is an artist.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the bird keeper is alice.
the person who is a teacher and alice are next to each other.
alice is not in the first house.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of bob.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is arnold.
the person who is tall is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who has red hair is eric.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person who has blonde hair is carol.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who has red hair.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who is very tall.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the third house.
the person who loves classical music is in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the boba tea drinker.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
the person who is very tall is bob.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
carol is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has an average height is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is bob.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
eric is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is the root beer lover.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the boba tea drinker.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
carol is directly left of the root beer lover.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is very short is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of eric.
alice and the person in a ranch-style home are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves basketball is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves tennis.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the first house.
alice is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the photography enthusiast is the british person.
arnold is directly left of the british person.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the swedish person is the desert smoothie lover.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has an average height is in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is very short is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who owns a toyota camry is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves white.
the coffee drinker is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is the person who has auburn hair.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who has gray hair and the person who is short.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is very tall is bob.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and peter.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is short.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a modern-style house.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the first house.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
carol is directly left of bob.
the person who is very tall is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who has red hair.
the person who is super tall is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who is short is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is tall.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
bob is not in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the soup is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person with a doctorate.
the coffee drinker is the person with a high school diploma.
there are two houses between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person with an associate's degree.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
the dunhill smoker and bob are next to each other.
there are two houses between alice and the boba tea drinker.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who attended trade school is the prince smoker.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves stir fry.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between the person partial to pall mall and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the dunhill smoker.
alice is the tea drinker.
arnold is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person with a master's degree is peter.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves white.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves white is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who is tall is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the dunhill smoker.
bob is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is very short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of peter.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who has an average height is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is alice.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the cat lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the boba tea drinker is alice.
arnold is directly left of the coffee drinker.
peter and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a nurse.
carol is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a lawyer is carol.
bob is the one who only drinks water.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is not in the sixth house.
the person who is a teacher is the root beer lover.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of alice.
there is one house between peter and eric.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves jazz music is eric.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves jazz music.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves rock music is carol.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
there are two houses between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
alice is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is peter.
arnold is the person who loves classical music.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves rock music.
eric is the coffee drinker.
the tea drinker is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fourth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
arnold is the person who loves cooking.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
there is one house between bob and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the root beer lover.
the photography enthusiast is the one who only drinks water.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who smokes yellow monster are next to each other.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
eric is the dunhill smoker.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who smokes blue master is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named alice is the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between alice and arnold.
bob is the person's child is named meredith.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person partial to pall mall is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the british person is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves white is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves classical music.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dog owner is arnold.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of bob.
there is one house between the bird keeper and peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
alice is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
eric is not in the second house.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person in a modern-style house is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the dane is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who has blonde hair and the british person are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the swedish person is arnold.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the swedish person is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the tea drinker is the person who loves tennis.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fifth house.
bob is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves swimming and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person who loves baseball.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named fred is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who keeps a pet bird is alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
alice is directly left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is peter.
the person who owns a dog is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
eric is the person who has a cat.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the third house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves swimming.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is bob.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the person who loves soccer is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
peter is directly left of arnold.
the dog owner is not in the first house.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the bird keeper is directly left of the cat lover.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an engineer is alice.
the fish enthusiast is in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
bob is the person who is a teacher.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the root beer lover.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person whose favorite color is red.
the tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and peter are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is the mother of timothy and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person residing in a victorian house.
bob is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves blue is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who likes milk is alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person whose mother's name is holly.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the coffee drinker.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and the tea drinker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has a cat.
the root beer lover is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
arnold and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a honda civic and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the person who owns a honda civic and arnold are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is bob.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who has gray hair.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the british person.
arnold is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric and the swedish person are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves blue.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
eric is in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in may is not in the sixth house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who goes on cultural tours is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold and the person who loves purple are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fifth house.
the person who loves purple is in the third house.
carol is in the fourth house.
the person who loves soccer is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves baseball.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in february and peter.
eric is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of peter.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
the norwegian is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has blonde hair is the norwegian.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the dane.
there is one house between the person whose favorite color is red and the person who has black hair.
the german is in the third house.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the root beer lover is directly left of the german.
the norwegian is eric.
the british person is the person who likes milk.
peter is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the third house.
the coffee drinker is the person whose favorite color is green.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is peter.
the swedish person is eric.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the fourth house.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the root beer lover is the german.
the tea drinker is the swedish person.
the swedish person is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is the prince smoker.
eric and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the swedish person.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the tea drinker.
arnold is in the first house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the rabbit owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is carol.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of carol.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the dog owner is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who attended trade school is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
there is one house between the person who goes on cultural tours and alice.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who enjoys camping trips.
eric and arnold are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of arnold.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in september is the tea drinker.
the coffee drinker is alice.
the person whose birthday is in march is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
bob is directly left of the boba tea drinker.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
the dane is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is the person with a high school diploma.
the dane is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
arnold is not in the third house.
eric is in the first house.
carol is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the root beer lover is the person who loves hip-hop music.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who is a nurse.
the tea drinker is not in the sixth house.
the person who is a doctor is the root beer lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
there is one house between the person who has brown hair and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the second house.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who is very tall is the root beer lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the boba tea drinker is carol.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the tea drinker.
the boba tea drinker is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person who is tall and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who has an average height is directly left of arnold.
the person who is super tall and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is super tall is the tea drinker.
the person who is short is carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of peter.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the british person is the person who owns a dog.
the dane is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has brown hair.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of alice.
the tea drinker is peter.
eric is the person who has brown hair.
eric is not in the third house.
alice is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has blonde hair is the prince smoker.
the one who only drinks water is not in the fourth house.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is arnold.
the person who likes going on cruises is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the fifth house.
eric is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and peter.
alice is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who smokes blue master.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the prince smoker and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves mystery books is in the second house.
the person in a craftsman-style house and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves soccer.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is not in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball and peter are next to each other.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
there is one house between peter and the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of alice.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
arnold and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
eric is not in the first house.
bob is not in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the soup is not in the first house.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person with a doctorate.
the coffee drinker is the person with a high school diploma.
there are two houses between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person with an associate's degree.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
the dunhill smoker and bob are next to each other.
there are two houses between alice and the boba tea drinker.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who attended trade school is the prince smoker.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves stir fry.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between the person partial to pall mall and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes blue master is the coffee drinker.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the dunhill smoker.
alice is the tea drinker.
arnold is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person with a master's degree is peter.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of arnold.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the bird keeper.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
there are two houses between the person who has red hair and the person who has black hair.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who is an artist is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is an artist is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a teacher.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
peter is somewhere to the right of the dog owner.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person with a bachelor's degree.
there is one house between the person with a doctorate and the cat lover.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who keeps horses.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is the person's child is named bella.
the person with a bachelor's degree is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person's child is named samantha is bob.
arnold is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the dog owner and the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the british person.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the german.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the british person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
there is one house between eric and the person with a high school diploma.
there is one house between the person with an associate's degree and the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of arnold.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the german is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the photography enthusiast.
alice and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the british person and the person who enjoys knitting are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the swedish person.
the british person is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves cooking.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
peter is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the norwegian and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the british person is alice.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the british person is in the first house.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is in the fifth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is bob.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the first house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the prince smoker is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the fourth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the fish enthusiast.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves the stew.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
carol is the person who loves yellow.
alice is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is red and bob.
alice is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is directly left of bob.
bob is somewhere to the left of carol.
bob is directly left of the person who loves purple.
eric is the person who loves blue.
the person with a master's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the norwegian and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the german is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
arnold and the dane are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person who loves mystery books.
the swedish person is alice.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves biography books.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the first house.
peter is the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person's child is named meredith.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is the british person.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses and the dog owner are next to each other.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the dane.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the german.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the norwegian.
bob is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the bird keeper.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is short is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves tennis and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is not in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the third house.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named alice is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the sixth house.
the person who attended trade school is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves baseball and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
bob is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves volleyball is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person with a high school diploma.
carol is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between bob and the person who is very tall.
the person who is super tall is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who is very tall.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person who is short is not in the first house.
the person who is short is not in the third house.
the person who is short is directly left of eric.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who is tall is alice.
carol is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who is super tall and eric.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
bob is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is a teacher.
alice is the person who loves cooking.
bob is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of carol.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of bob.
the dunhill smoker is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the second house.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and peter.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who has black hair is in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
alice is in the first house.
there is one house between arnold and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has blonde hair.
peter is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is not in the first house.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person with a high school diploma is the cat lover.
the person's child is named bella is the cat lover.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the first house.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is arnold.
the coffee drinker is in the first house.
arnold is in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a master's degree.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the swedish person is the person who has black hair.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the second house.
the british person and arnold are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who has red hair.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the swedish person is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is not in the first house.
eric and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is the bird keeper.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
there is one house between the person who has black hair and arnold.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves baseball is in the fourth house.
the dog owner is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the cat lover.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
bob is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves baseball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who loves yellow.
the person who is an artist is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a honda civic is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves mystery books.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who prefers city breaks is the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves soccer.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who is very short is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is bob.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred and the person who loves the boquet of lilies are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is the mother of timothy is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
eric is not in the first house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes milk.
the cat lover is the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
peter is the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who has brown hair is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves classical music.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves romance books.
arnold is the prince smoker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who keeps horses is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the bird keeper.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves mystery books is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the prince smoker.
arnold and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
eric is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the tea drinker is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the tea drinker.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person with a master's degree.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who is tall is alice.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who is a pizza lover.
the cat lover is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the dog owner is the person who loves stir fry.
there is one house between arnold and the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is arnold.
eric is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the cat lover.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person who enjoys knitting and alice.
alice is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the second house.
there is one house between bob and alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves hip-hop music.
arnold and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fifth house.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
eric is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is peter.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the cat lover is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the right of the rabbit owner.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the norwegian.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
peter is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the dane is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the british person.
there is one house between alice and the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the german is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the norwegian.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who loves classical music.
the bird keeper is the person who loves cooking.
the cat lover is directly left of bob.
eric is not in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the german.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the bird keeper and eric are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is the dane.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the bird keeper.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
eric is the swedish person.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of carol.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is in the fifth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
bob is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the sixth house.
carol is the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is bob.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the sixth house.
eric is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a ford f-150.
eric is the person who enjoys gardening.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who loves cooking.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of alice.
eric is the person who is very short.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is holly and the person who has an average height are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the fourth house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person's child is named meredith.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves basketball is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the bird keeper.
bob is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves baseball is in the fourth house.
the dog owner is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the cat lover.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
bob is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves baseball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the british person and peter are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves classical music is in the second house.
there is one house between the british person and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves rock music is the norwegian.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
the norwegian is arnold.
the dane and the person who loves white are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves rock music.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of eric.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the rabbit owner is the person whose birthday is in january.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
there is one house between peter and the rabbit owner.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of carol.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of carol.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the third house.
bob is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the rabbit owner is the desert smoothie lover.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the swedish person is arnold.
the chinese is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the norwegian and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of peter.
the norwegian is eric.
arnold is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of arnold.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the first house.
bob is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the soup is in the fourth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is in the sixth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves stir fry is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves stir fry.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the norwegian.
the person who loves beach vacations and peter are next to each other.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the dane.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is eric.
the tea drinker is the cat lover.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the tea drinker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is short.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose birthday is in may are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the person who owns a toyota camry.
peter is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is very short.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is super tall.
the person who is tall is bob.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is short.
carol is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the person whose birthday is in january.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the bird keeper is the person who loves purple.
the person in a ranch-style home is the one who only drinks water.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person in a modern-style house is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the bird keeper is the person in a ranch-style home.
the rabbit owner is in the sixth house.
the boba tea drinker is peter.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the bird keeper is carol.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the boba tea drinker.
bob is the tea drinker.
the person residing in a victorian house is the dog owner.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is not in the sixth house.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the first house.
the person who has a cat is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic and peter are next to each other.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person who is an artist.
carol is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a nurse.
there is one house between peter and the person who is a lawyer.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and bob.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree and eric are next to each other.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who is a doctor is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the swedish person is directly left of the dog owner.
there are two houses between the dog owner and the british person.
the dane is the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is the cat lover.
bob is the bird keeper.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the norwegian is alice.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who has an average height.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in january.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person with a master's degree is the person who paints as a hobby.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a high school diploma is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves cooking is alice.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a doctor and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the first house.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the dane.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the boba tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
carol is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the boba tea drinker.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a ford f-150.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
there are two houses between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
bob is in the third house.
the person who loves classical music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves rock music is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of peter.
eric is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who is short.
the person who loves classical music is the prince smoker.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who is a teacher.
the norwegian is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the dane is not in the third house.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the swedish person and the norwegian are next to each other.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the swedish person.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
there is one house between the person who loves science fiction books and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves white is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the german is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves the stew.
the person's child is named samantha is directly left of the german.
alice is the swedish person.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the norwegian is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a master's degree is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves classical music.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is in the third house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who keeps horses is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person whose favorite color is green is the cat lover.
there are two houses between alice and the person whose favorite color is red.
the cat lover is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the third house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is the bird keeper.
the swedish person is the person who has black hair.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the second house.
the british person and arnold are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who has red hair.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the swedish person is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is not in the first house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
eric is the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person with a master's degree is the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is alice.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and alice.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in february.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves romance books.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
there is one house between arnold and the prince smoker.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
the prince smoker and peter are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves mystery books is the photography enthusiast.
the one who only drinks water is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves mystery books.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves white.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves swimming and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves tennis and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the person's child is named bella is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
there is one house between alice and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who is the mother of timothy.
eric is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the first house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is a doctor.
eric is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves baseball is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
carol is the person who loves tennis.
the dog owner is the person who loves swimming.
the photography enthusiast is the tea drinker.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who keeps horses.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves soccer.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is carol.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the woodworking hobbyist is the dog owner.
there are two houses between the person who paints as a hobby and the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is directly left of peter.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves cooking.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves romance books and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is the person who owns a dog.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who owns a dog.
bob is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves romance books.
alice is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who owns a rabbit is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
the person who has red hair is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and eric.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has auburn hair is carol.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the first house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves soccer is in the sixth house.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the photography enthusiast is the person who smokes yellow monster.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of alice.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves soccer is the prince smoker.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the third house.
the person who has auburn hair is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the dunhill smoker is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves baseball is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named fred and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
eric is the swedish person.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the dane.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the swedish person is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the dane is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
alice and bob are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between arnold and the root beer lover.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the dog owner.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the bird keeper is the person who owns a honda civic.
the one who only drinks water and the person who owns a toyota camry are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the cat lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a ford f-150 and the fish enthusiast.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the dane.
the german is peter.
the desert smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the norwegian is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who likes going on cruises is the british person.
there are two houses between bob and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
bob is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
carol is in the fifth house.
peter is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is tall.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the dunhill smoker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who is super tall is alice.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves volleyball is in the first house.
peter and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who is short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves swimming is carol.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is super tall.
the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the photography enthusiast.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
peter is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is eric.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
alice is in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps a pet bird.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
eric and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the boba tea drinker is alice.
arnold is directly left of the coffee drinker.
peter and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a nurse.
carol is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a lawyer is carol.
bob is the one who only drinks water.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is not in the sixth house.
the person who is a teacher is the root beer lover.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of alice.
the norwegian is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has blonde hair is the norwegian.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the dane.
there is one house between the person whose favorite color is red and the person who has black hair.
the german is in the third house.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the root beer lover is directly left of the german.
the norwegian is eric.
the british person is the person who likes milk.
peter is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the third house.
the coffee drinker is the person whose favorite color is green.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and arnold are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is holly.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
bob is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the german is the person who is a pizza lover.
eric is directly left of the person who loves blue.
alice is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves stir fry is the british person.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves blue is the norwegian.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who loves white.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named bella.
the person who has an average height is the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who loves white.
alice is in the third house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is short is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is very short is the person's child is named fred.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves the stew is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who has black hair.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person with a master's degree and the person who loves mystery books are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is peter.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the prince smoker.
peter is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves swimming.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of arnold.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who is very tall and the dog owner are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who has an average height.
the cat lover is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is very short is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who has red hair.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the person who has red hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is super tall is not in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who has black hair.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who is tall.
bob and the fish enthusiast are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the prince smoker is peter.
there is one house between the person who has blonde hair and the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of alice.
the person who is super tall is eric.
the person who is short is the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
the person who is short and the person who has auburn hair are next to each other.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves blue.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series are next to each other.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
bob is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
bob is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the third house.
eric is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves yellow.
there are two houses between the person who loves purple and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves purple is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is short.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose birthday is in may are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the person who owns a toyota camry.
peter is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is very short.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is super tall.
the person who is tall is bob.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is short.
carol is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the cat lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the bird keeper.
the person who is a lawyer is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dog owner.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who is a lawyer.
arnold is not in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a doctor and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is alice.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is carol.
alice is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves the soup is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a teacher is alice.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is very short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who is very short.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves pop music is not in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is peter.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby and arnold are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between alice and peter.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves cooking is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in january.
the bird keeper is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of bob.
the fish enthusiast is eric.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the third house.
alice is the person who loves romance books.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fourth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is the person who has red hair.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who has black hair is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the one who only drinks water.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves swimming is in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of alice.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the root beer lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is alice.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is short.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose birthday is in may are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the person who owns a toyota camry.
peter is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is very short.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is super tall.
the person who is tall is bob.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is short.
carol is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the third house.
the person who is short is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the first house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the sixth house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the chinese is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the norwegian.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
carol is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the german is the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dane is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the chinese.
the british person is not in the third house.
the swedish person is the person who loves pop music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the dane is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is short is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves tennis and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is not in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the third house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is a nurse is in the sixth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves volleyball is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
there are two houses between the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who is short.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of eric.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose birthday is in may are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the person who owns a toyota camry.
peter is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is very short.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is super tall.
the person who is tall is bob.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who is very short is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is short.
carol is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september and peter are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in february and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
alice is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who loves blue is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves rock music is the person who owns a dog.
the british person is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of peter.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the prince smoker is directly left of alice.
bob is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has an average height is in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is very short is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who owns a toyota camry is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves white.
the coffee drinker is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes milk.
the person who has a cat is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
peter is in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
arnold is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves rock music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
the person who owns a rabbit is in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between carol and alice.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is eric.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the second house.
there is one house between the dane and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the chinese is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is alice.
there is one house between the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 and the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the german.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of bob.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the second house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the norwegian is the person who owns a toyota camry.
alice is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the fifth house.
peter is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves romance books is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who is a teacher.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a lawyer is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who is an engineer is the dog owner.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the cat lover.
the person who keeps horses is the person who is a teacher.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is tall is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is a teacher.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the rabbit owner is alice.
the fish enthusiast is carol.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who is super tall is in the fifth house.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
eric is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is the person who has auburn hair.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who has gray hair and the person who is short.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is very tall is bob.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and peter.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is short.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a modern-style house.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the first house.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
carol is directly left of bob.
the person who is very tall is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who has red hair.
the person who is super tall is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is arnold.
bob is directly left of peter.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who prefers city breaks is the british person.
alice and eric are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
eric is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is peter.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person in a craftsman-style house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
alice is in the third house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person with a master's degree.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who is tall is alice.
the tea drinker is the person who loves tennis.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fifth house.
bob is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves swimming and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person who loves baseball.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named fred is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who keeps a pet bird is alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves baseball is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
carol is the person who loves tennis.
the dog owner is the person who loves swimming.
the photography enthusiast is the tea drinker.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who keeps horses.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves soccer.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is carol.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the woodworking hobbyist is the dog owner.
there are two houses between the person who paints as a hobby and the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the root beer lover.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves yellow.
the person who likes milk is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person with a high school diploma is the tea drinker.
the british person is the person who loves beach vacations.
the dane is arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the coffee drinker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves hip-hop music.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the one who only drinks water is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is eric.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the root beer lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves white.
the person who loves classical music and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves pop music is the root beer lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves white.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who loves yellow.
the person who is an artist is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a honda civic is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
bob is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of arnold.
carol is the rabbit owner.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of carol.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the bird keeper and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
alice is in the second house.
arnold is in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the fourth house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the fish enthusiast.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who loves the stew.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
alice is in the first house.
the person in a craftsman-style house and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves soccer.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is not in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball and peter are next to each other.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves classical music.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
eric and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of peter.
alice is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who loves white is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the prince smoker.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the norwegian is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the dane is not in the third house.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the swedish person and the norwegian are next to each other.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the swedish person.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and peter.
the person whose birthday is in february is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is very short is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is very tall is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves white.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the prince smoker is not in the third house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is the one who only drinks water.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves swimming is in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of alice.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the root beer lover is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is alice.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves biography books is in the second house.
eric is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of bob.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is tall is in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
alice is the person who is tall.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is very tall.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is the mother of timothy are next to each other.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named fred is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who loves cooking.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fifth house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the cat lover.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves white is the person who loves tennis.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
bob is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
carol is in the sixth house.
eric and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the person who loves country music is carol.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves pop music is peter.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the third house.
there is one house between peter and bob.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fifth house.
eric is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person's child is named bella and eric are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is an engineer is the person's child is named bella.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
alice is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who loves blue is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is very short is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is short is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is eric.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who has red hair.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person who has blonde hair and peter are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in february.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who loves basketball.
the person who has black hair is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the british person.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the german.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the british person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person who loves the stew is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a modern-style house is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is peter.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the person who keeps horses and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves cooking is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who keeps horses.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is the fish enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves cooking is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the dog owner.
the person with a high school diploma is alice.
peter is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves jazz music.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the tea drinker is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who is tall is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is an artist.
the person who has a cat is the person who is an engineer.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person with an associate's degree is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
the person with an associate's degree is in the fourth house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person in a ranch-style home.
bob is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
eric is the person's child is named fred.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
there is one house between alice and the person's child is named samantha.
eric is not in the third house.
bob is not in the third house.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves baseball is in the fourth house.
the dog owner is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the cat lover.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
bob is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves baseball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is eric.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the cat lover is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between carol and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with a pet hamster.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the dog owner and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is penny and bob.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person with a pet hamster is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the rabbit owner.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who smokes yellow monster is eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is carol.
the person who keeps horses is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is not in the third house.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the second house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
alice and carol are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who has gray hair is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
there are two houses between alice and the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has red hair is directly left of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between peter and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has red hair and the person in a ranch-style home are next to each other.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric is the tea drinker.
arnold and the prince smoker are next to each other.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who likes milk is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves tennis is not in the second house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is a nurse is in the sixth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves volleyball is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is the person who is a nurse.
there are two houses between the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and alice.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the fifth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
alice is in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
there is one house between alice and carol.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the sixth house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves biography books is the desert smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves country music.
the rabbit owner is in the third house.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the cat lover.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the dunhill smoker and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
the person with a high school diploma is the bird keeper.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is eric.
the bird keeper is peter.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
the dog owner is not in the first house.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the bird keeper is directly left of the cat lover.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an engineer is alice.
the fish enthusiast is in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
bob is the person who is a teacher.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fourth house.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is alice.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves cooking.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is in the sixth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person residing in a victorian house is carol.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
bob is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the fourth house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
eric is directly left of arnold.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who is a lawyer.
alice is the person partial to pall mall.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the german is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is tall is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
peter is the person who is short.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
there are two houses between the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves stir fry.
the person who has an average height is in the second house.
the prince smoker is the person who is a doctor.
the swedish person is the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves stir fry.
there is one house between the british person and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is very tall is the norwegian.
the dane is the person who is short.
the person who is very tall is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who is a pizza lover and the person who is very tall.
the person who is a teacher is not in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who is a doctor is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is the desert smoothie lover.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
eric is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves tennis is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves rock music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves hip-hop music.
there are two houses between arnold and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
carol is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves country music is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
bob is in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves soccer.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who has brown hair is arnold.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of eric.
peter is in the first house.
there is one house between carol and the woodworking hobbyist.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
carol is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the person who loves cooking and eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose birthday is in february is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who paints as a hobby.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who smokes blue master.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the prince smoker and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves mystery books is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named fred.
the cat lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is the prince smoker.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who has gray hair and bob are next to each other.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves classical music is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has brown hair is bob.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person who has black hair is in the third house.
there are two houses between the coffee drinker and arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person's child is named fred.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
arnold and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has an average height and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very tall.
the person with a master's degree is bob.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
the person with a doctorate is directly left of alice.
the person with a master's degree is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is the person who is tall.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
arnold is the person with a doctorate.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
the one who only drinks water is bob.
the root beer lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is in the fifth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is bob.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves the stew.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is not in the first house.
the british person and peter are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves classical music is in the second house.
there is one house between the british person and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves rock music is the norwegian.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
the norwegian is arnold.
the dane and the person who loves white are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves rock music.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fifth house.
peter and the person who uses a huawei p50 are next to each other.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of bob.
arnold is not in the second house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in march is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves jazz music is eric.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves jazz music.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
there is one house between bob and the person who loves jazz music.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves rock music is carol.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
there are two houses between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
alice is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
eric is the person's child is named fred.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the british person is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has red hair and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
peter is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose birthday is in january is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who has blonde hair is eric.
the dane is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the british person.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the german.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dane.
the british person is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the british person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves stir fry is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves blue is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves pop music.
the person partial to pall mall is the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who loves yellow.
the person who is an artist is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a honda civic is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of peter.
the photography enthusiast is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the second house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves white.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a dog.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the root beer lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
alice is not in the fourth house.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the coffee drinker is in the third house.
peter is the tea drinker.
the person who loves basketball is the person who owns a dog.
the person with a pet hamster is the person who loves tennis.
there are two houses between alice and the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the tea drinker.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the prince smoker.
peter is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves swimming.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of arnold.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
peter is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves pop music is in the first house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
eric is directly left of alice.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of alice.
alice is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the third house.
there is one house between eric and the person with a high school diploma.
there is one house between the person with an associate's degree and the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of arnold.
peter is in the third house.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
eric is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the dane.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the norwegian is peter.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
alice is the british person.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
there is one house between the person's child is named fred and the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves romance books is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the british person.
the person who prefers city breaks is carol.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
carol is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
bob is not in the first house.
bob is not in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the norwegian and arnold are next to each other.
the dane is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the british person is not in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
eric is not in the first house.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes milk.
the cat lover is the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the swedish person is the person who has black hair.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the second house.
the british person and arnold are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who has red hair.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the swedish person is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of eric.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who is an engineer is alice.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who is an artist is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
bob is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves biography books.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is carol.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and eric.
eric is the person who loves historical fiction books.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and alice.
the person with a doctorate and bob are next to each other.
there is one house between carol and the person who has black hair.
peter is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person who has an average height.
alice is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
the person who has brown hair is in the second house.
the person who has an average height is in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person who is very tall.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
the person who attended trade school is the person who has red hair.
carol is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between the tea drinker and the person who is very short.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who is tall is not in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the boba tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves soccer.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who has brown hair is arnold.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves yellow are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves romance books and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the british person is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person with an aquarium of fish.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the dunhill smoker is in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is alice.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves swimming is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the bird keeper is the person who loves purple.
the person in a ranch-style home is the one who only drinks water.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person in a modern-style house is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the bird keeper is the person in a ranch-style home.
the rabbit owner is in the sixth house.
the boba tea drinker is peter.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the bird keeper is carol.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the boba tea drinker.
bob is the tea drinker.
the person residing in a victorian house is the dog owner.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is not in the sixth house.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
peter is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
alice is directly left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is peter.
alice is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who has an average height and peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is very tall.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is tall is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves stir fry is directly left of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person who is super tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the root beer lover.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person whose favorite color is red.
the tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and peter are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is the mother of timothy and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person residing in a victorian house.
bob is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves blue is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who likes milk is alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the second house.
the dane is in the third house.
the british person is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the norwegian.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the second house.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the german is the person who is a teacher.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves soccer is in the sixth house.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the photography enthusiast is the person who smokes yellow monster.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of alice.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves soccer is the prince smoker.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the third house.
the person who has auburn hair is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the dunhill smoker is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves baseball is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves rock music is bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the sixth house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the chinese is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the norwegian.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
carol is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the german is the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dane is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the chinese.
the british person is not in the third house.
the swedish person is the person who loves pop music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the dane is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is the swedish person.
eric is the british person.
eric is in the first house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves pop music.
the british person is the cat lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the british person.
the dane is eric.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the second house.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
eric is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the person who likes milk and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is eric.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between bob and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is arnold.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the photography enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is the person who has an average height.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the first house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is peter.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and bob.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
arnold is in the second house.
alice is directly left of carol.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and bob.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
arnold is in the second house.
alice is directly left of carol.
alice is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of bob.
carol is the person who has gray hair.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is the boba tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves pop music is not in the first house.
the root beer lover is in the second house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the person who has brown hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
peter is the person whose mother's name is penny.
there is one house between peter and carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is bob.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
bob is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named fred and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
eric is the swedish person.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the dane.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the prince smoker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the prince smoker.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
alice is the person with a bachelor's degree.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a doctorate.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves science fiction books.
the british person is the person who owns a dog.
the dane is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
bob is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves cooking is the person whose birthday is in may.
the woodworking hobbyist and the person whose birthday is in march are next to each other.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
peter and the person who paints as a hobby are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person whose birthday is in february is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the photography enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the dunhill smoker is in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is alice.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves swimming is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fourth house.
the german is eric.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the british person is the dog owner.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the german.
the person who has a cat is in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the swedish person and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the swedish person is peter.
the dane is in the second house.
eric and the cat lover are next to each other.
the german is in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the bird keeper.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the third house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who smokes yellow monster are next to each other.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
eric is the dunhill smoker.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who smokes blue master is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named alice is the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between alice and arnold.
bob is the person's child is named meredith.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person partial to pall mall is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the british person is in the first house.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person whose mother's name is kailyn are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves white.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has red hair.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the first house.
the person who loves stir fry is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and arnold.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves the stew is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is the person who loves the stew.
there are two houses between the person in a modern-style house and arnold.
the person who loves the stew is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
carol is not in the fourth house.
peter is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and peter.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
the person who loves basketball is in the third house.
the prince smoker is the person who loves soccer.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves swimming.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the fish enthusiast and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who has red hair is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is the person who has red hair.
the person who has red hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is bob.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the person who loves soccer is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the first house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves baseball is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
carol is the person who loves tennis.
the dog owner is the person who loves swimming.
the photography enthusiast is the tea drinker.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who keeps horses.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves soccer.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is carol.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the woodworking hobbyist is the dog owner.
there are two houses between the person who paints as a hobby and the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
peter is in the third house.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is the cat lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves pop music.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
eric is not in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a dog.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who likes milk is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and the person who loves classical music.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person who has a cat and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the tea drinker.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the tea drinker and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the british person.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the dane.
eric is the tea drinker.
the british person is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
bob is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is not in the fourth house.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is bob.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks and peter are next to each other.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves basketball.
the person who likes going on cruises is carol.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is the person who loves swimming.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys camping trips is alice.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the desert smoothie lover is the german.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is bob.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the right of eric.
peter and carol are next to each other.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the norwegian.
the dane is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is not in the third house.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the dane is in the first house.
the german is in the sixth house.
the chinese is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the fourth house.
alice is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is in the third house.
the person who likes going on cruises is arnold.
alice is the person who loves cooking.
bob is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of carol.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of bob.
the dunhill smoker is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the second house.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and peter.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves tennis.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves white is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose favorite color is green are next to each other.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person with a master's degree.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is short.
the person who is tall is alice.
the person who has gray hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves soccer is in the sixth house.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the photography enthusiast is the person who smokes yellow monster.
there is one house between the dunhill smoker and the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of alice.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves soccer is the prince smoker.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the third house.
the person who has auburn hair is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
bob is directly left of the person who has red hair.
the dunhill smoker is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves baseball is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person in a craftsman-style house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
alice is in the third house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person residing in a victorian house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of eric.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who is an engineer is alice.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
the german is bob.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the norwegian.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the german is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the swedish person is the person who is a pizza lover.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and peter.
there is one house between the person who is a doctor and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
there is one house between bob and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves yellow is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves white.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves white is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves swimming.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves blue is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves basketball.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the german is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
the person who loves white is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves blue.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a high school diploma is carol.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of iris and peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the chinese.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the third house.
the boba tea drinker and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
there is one house between the british person and the chinese.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who likes milk and peter.
bob is the person with a master's degree.
the swedish person is the person with a master's degree.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the german is in the fifth house.
the norwegian is the one who only drinks water.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person who has a cat is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
peter is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of eric.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
arnold is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric and the person who keeps horses are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is the bird keeper.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
there is one house between the person who has black hair and arnold.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in march and alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of alice.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the second house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who likes going on cruises is peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the soup is the person whose birthday is in may.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person who loves stir fry.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
the british person is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is not in the first house.
the british person and eric are next to each other.
the person who has a cat is not in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall and arnold are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
peter is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
there are two houses between bob and peter.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
alice is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic and arnold are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the third house.
the british person is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric and peter are next to each other.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between peter and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose birthday is in september is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who smokes blue master.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the prince smoker and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves mystery books is in the second house.
the person who is short is directly left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the first house.
the person who is short is the person with an associate's degree.
the fish enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the cat lover is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
arnold is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves volleyball.
peter is not in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves swimming and the person with a doctorate are next to each other.
alice is in the second house.
the person with a doctorate and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
bob is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the fifth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of bob.
the cat lover is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the third house.
the person who is an artist is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is an artist is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a teacher.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who keeps horses is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves soccer.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves basketball.
the person who has red hair is not in the third house.
there is one house between eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has red hair.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who has black hair is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the person who loves baseball.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves basketball and the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
bob is the german.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who has red hair.
the german is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the dane.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves cooking is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the german is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the photography enthusiast.
alice and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the british person and the person who enjoys knitting are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the swedish person.
the british person is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves cooking.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
peter is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the norwegian and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the british person is alice.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person in a modern-style house.
arnold and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between carol and bob.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
there are two houses between the person who loves swimming and the person who is a doctor.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves tennis.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who is an engineer.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is very short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who is very short.
the person who has brown hair is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
the person who is a doctor is the one who only drinks water.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who likes milk is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who is an artist and arnold are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who has black hair is the coffee drinker.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the dane.
the person who has black hair is not in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the fifth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and peter.
the person who enjoys knitting is eric.
peter is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of bob.
there is one house between bob and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the first house.
alice is in the sixth house.
the dunhill smoker is in the second house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves swimming.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who is a teacher and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves tennis and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is alice.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a honda civic is not in the first house.
peter is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a doctor.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves swimming.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is not in the first house.
eric is the person who keeps a pet bird.
there is one house between the person with an aquarium of fish and peter.
alice is not in the first house.
arnold is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the dane.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who owns a dog and the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between the person who owns a ford f-150 and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who has a cat.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who has a cat.
the person whose favorite color is green is the cat lover.
there are two houses between alice and the person whose favorite color is red.
the cat lover is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the third house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is the bird keeper.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who keeps horses is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is the cat lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the bird keeper is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who keeps horses is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes milk.
the dog owner is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is not in the second house.
the tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the root beer lover is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the one who only drinks water.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
arnold and eric are next to each other.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves white.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves white is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who is tall is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the dunhill smoker.
bob is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is very short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of peter.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who has an average height is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is alice.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of alice.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall and arnold are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
peter is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who has an average height.
eric is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who is very short.
the person who is very short and alice are next to each other.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
alice is in the third house.
peter is the cat lover.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and peter.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is not in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
the bird keeper is the person who enjoys gardening.
eric is the bird keeper.
alice is in the first house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who attended trade school.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the sixth house.
bob is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who is tall is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fifth house.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person with a doctorate is the dane.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
there are two houses between the british person and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
carol is in the first house.
bob is the german.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the norwegian.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in may and the person with a master's degree.
the norwegian is peter.
the person who attended trade school is the person who loves purple.
the dunhill smoker is in the fifth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person with a pet hamster.
eric is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves baseball.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has an average height is in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is very short is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who owns a toyota camry is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves white.
the coffee drinker is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of eric.
bob and eric are next to each other.
the person who has black hair and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has red hair is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who has brown hair.
bob is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of arnold.
there is one house between peter and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a toyota camry.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves cooking.
the person in a ranch-style home is alice.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who owns a toyota camry.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between the person who enjoys gardening and arnold.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the fifth house.
alice is not in the third house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a toyota camry is bob.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person who loves fantasy books is the norwegian.
the cat lover and the person who loves biography books are next to each other.
the german is bob.
the person who loves yellow is bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
there is one house between the dane and the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
the person who keeps horses is alice.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the norwegian and arnold.
the person who loves romance books is the british person.
there are two houses between the norwegian and alice.
the bird keeper is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dog owner is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the stew is the norwegian.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who loves white is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who likes milk.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the tea drinker.
the person who is very short is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is short is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who likes milk.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
peter is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the chinese is the person who loves pop music.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves classical music is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of bob.
carol is the british person.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves rock music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the german.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who attended trade school and the chinese are next to each other.
the person who loves jazz music is arnold.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
bob is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves cooking is the person whose birthday is in may.
the woodworking hobbyist and the person whose birthday is in march are next to each other.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
peter and the person who paints as a hobby are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person whose birthday is in february is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the photography enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the fourth house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who prefers city breaks and eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is in the first house.
peter is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and peter.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
the person who loves basketball is in the third house.
the prince smoker is the person who loves soccer.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with a pet hamster.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the photography enthusiast and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person with an aquarium of fish and the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the photography enthusiast is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
the person who likes milk is bob.
the boba tea drinker is alice.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the root beer lover.
the tea drinker and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
bob is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the tea drinker.
carol is the person who loves country music.
the person who loves jazz music is peter.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the desert smoothie lover and arnold are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with a pet hamster.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the photography enthusiast and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person with an aquarium of fish and the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the photography enthusiast is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves rock music is eric.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who has a cat is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the fifth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is arnold.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and peter.
the person who enjoys knitting is eric.
peter is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of bob.
there is one house between bob and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is not in the first house.
alice is in the sixth house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the first house.
alice is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the fourth house.
eric is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
peter is not in the third house.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the boba tea drinker is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
carol is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is the boba tea drinker.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a ford f-150.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
there are two houses between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
bob is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the swedish person is the person who is an artist.
the dane is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dane is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is peter.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the norwegian is in the third house.
arnold is the british person.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is bob.
the person who is very short is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who is very tall.
peter is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is directly left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is very short is the person who has gray hair.
eric is somewhere to the right of the tea drinker.
the person who has red hair is the person who is tall.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person who has black hair is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the one who only drinks water is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who has brown hair is carol.
the person who has an average height is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is super tall and arnold are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves the stew is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who loves stir fry and the person with an associate's degree.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the third house.
eric is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a doctorate is in the third house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a doctorate is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who likes going on cruises is alice.
there is one house between the person with a high school diploma and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a bachelor's degree and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of peter.
there is one house between the person who enjoys camping trips and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves classical music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves rock music is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of peter.
eric is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who is short.
the person who loves classical music is the prince smoker.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who is a teacher.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the photography enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves science fiction books is the prince smoker.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who loves the stew is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who has black hair.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person with a master's degree and the person who loves mystery books are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is peter.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is not in the first house.
carol is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
eric is directly left of carol.
the person who loves pop music is not in the third house.
eric is the person who loves country music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the coffee drinker is bob.
the person who smokes many unique blends is peter.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who smokes yellow monster.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves the soup is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves the stew.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there is one house between carol and the woodworking hobbyist.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
carol is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the person who loves cooking and eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose birthday is in february is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who paints as a hobby.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves classical music is peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves white.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves classical music is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves baseball.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who enjoys camping trips.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and peter.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named fred.
the person who owns a dog is bob.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person's child is named bella is the root beer lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves swimming is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is eric.
there are two houses between bob and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of bob.
eric is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between the person who is a pizza lover and peter.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of peter.
arnold and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person in a craftsman-style house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who is a teacher is the person in a craftsman-style house.
bob is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person residing in a victorian house and eric.
the cat lover is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the dog owner is not in the first house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the sixth house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
the fish enthusiast is the person in a ranch-style home.
the bird keeper is the person in a modern-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who is a lawyer is arnold.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
peter is not in the first house.
alice is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person who owns a dog is the person's child is named fred.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of eric.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
alice is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who loves white is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is an artist.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the first house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is a doctor.
eric is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and bob.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the dunhill smoker is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april and the prince smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the root beer lover is the german.
the tea drinker is the swedish person.
the swedish person is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is the prince smoker.
eric and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the swedish person.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the tea drinker.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the fourth house.
alice is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is arnold.
there is one house between arnold and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is very short is not in the first house.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person with a master's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has red hair is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who has brown hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who loves the stew is in the first house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who has black hair.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person with a master's degree and the person who loves mystery books are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is peter.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the dane is eric.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves white.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves white is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of eric.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person partial to pall mall is the british person.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person partial to pall mall.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the british person.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the dane.
eric is the tea drinker.
the british person is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
bob is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is not in the fourth house.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is bob.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the rabbit owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is carol.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of carol.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the dog owner is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who attended trade school is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is short and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves beach vacations.
there are two houses between the person who smokes blue master and the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is tall is not in the first house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is very tall is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who smokes blue master.
bob is in the first house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who has an average height is the person who prefers city breaks.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who is very tall is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
carol is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves basketball is arnold.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves swimming.
bob is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves baseball.
the person's child is named meredith is in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is arnold.
alice is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
the person who loves soccer is not in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named fred is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
eric and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person who is the mother of timothy and eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named alice is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who likes going on cruises.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves fantasy books is carol.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is holly and eric.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the dunhill smoker is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april and the prince smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
arnold is the person who loves biography books.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person's child is named bella is peter.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and bob.
alice is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person with a high school diploma is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the boba tea drinker is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
eric is the root beer lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who likes milk.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the right of bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves fantasy books.
the root beer lover is directly left of peter.
the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves romance books.
the tea drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves romance books and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves biography books and the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the british person is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves white is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves classical music.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is short is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves pop music.
the british person is the cat lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the british person.
the dane is eric.
there is one house between arnold and eric.
peter is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
peter is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who owns a dog is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the person who enjoys gardening.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of peter.
alice and peter are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who has red hair is in the third house.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of peter.
the swedish person is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the dane.
eric is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric is not in the first house.
peter is the person who loves science fiction books.
the dane is eric.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the person who loves rock music.
the cat lover is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who loves the stew.
the person residing in a victorian house and the bird keeper are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is peter.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
the cat lover is arnold.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the second house.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who loves eating grilled cheese are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the british person is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the dane is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is alice.
the person whose favorite color is green is peter.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is in the third house.
the person who loves yellow and alice are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
alice is the person with a bachelor's degree.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person with a high school diploma is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a doctorate.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the first house.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
there is one house between eric and alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who has brown hair and alice are next to each other.
alice is the person who has red hair.
there are two houses between the person who has brown hair and the person who has blonde hair.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves cooking is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the german is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the photography enthusiast.
alice and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the british person and the person who enjoys knitting are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the swedish person.
the british person is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves cooking.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
peter is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the norwegian and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the british person is alice.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves pop music.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is very short is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is short is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the dunhill smoker is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april and the prince smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the swedish person is the person who loves cooking.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the sixth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who loves the boquet of iris are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is peter.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is the norwegian.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of bob.
the british person is directly left of carol.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is arnold.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
the desert smoothie lover and arnold are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the german is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
there are two houses between alice and the british person.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between the person who has black hair and peter.
the swedish person is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who has gray hair is the german.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the dane.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who keeps horses and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves cooking is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who keeps horses.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named fred.
the cat lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is the prince smoker.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
arnold is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a master's degree.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person who is an artist is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves soccer is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is very short.
peter is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is tall.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the dunhill smoker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who is super tall is alice.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves volleyball is in the first house.
peter and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who is short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves swimming is carol.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is super tall.
the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is short and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves beach vacations.
there are two houses between the person who smokes blue master and the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is tall is not in the first house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who is very tall is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who smokes blue master.
bob is in the first house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person who has an average height is the person who prefers city breaks.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who is very tall is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
carol is the dunhill smoker.
peter is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of alice.
bob is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves biography books.
arnold is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves science fiction books.
peter is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named fred and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
eric is the swedish person.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the dane.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is the british person.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the norwegian is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the norwegian.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who has brown hair is eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves romance books is the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is the person who keeps horses.
the person residing in a victorian house is the cat lover.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is an artist is eric.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fifth house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person in a modern-style house.
bob is the person who loves white.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fourth house.
arnold is the person who loves purple.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
bob is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green is eric.
carol is in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of eric.
the person who loves white is in the first house.
arnold is in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the one who only drinks water is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who is short is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves cooking is the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who has an average height.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very short.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who is tall.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who loves beach vacations.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves pop music is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person's child is named fred is in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves jazz music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who likes going on cruises.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the fifth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who owns a dog and the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between the person who owns a ford f-150 and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who has a cat.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who has a cat.
eric is in the second house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the dane is arnold.
the british person is alice.
alice is in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the prince smoker is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
peter and eric are next to each other.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the second house.
peter is not in the second house.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a ranch-style home and the person whose mother's name is kailyn are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who loves pop music is the cat lover.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of carol.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is super tall is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is the mother of timothy is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person who is very tall.
the person who loves rock music is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of peter.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the bird keeper.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named alice.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person who loves rock music.
the person who is short is the cat lover.
alice is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is penny and the person who is short.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the first house.
carol is the person who is tall.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who loves white.
arnold is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves white and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves tennis.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the dane is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the dunhill smoker is in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is alice.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves swimming is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
peter is the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who has brown hair is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves classical music.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between bob and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who has a cat is the british person.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves purple.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves blue is the person with a pet hamster.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is red and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
carol is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow and the german are next to each other.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the dane is the person who loves yellow.
bob is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the person who loves white.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of eric.
carol and the rabbit owner are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who keeps horses is in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the cat lover is not in the sixth house.
peter is in the fifth house.
the dog owner is the person who is an artist.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the bird keeper is alice.
the person who is a teacher and alice are next to each other.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who keeps horses.
the one who only drinks water is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the cat lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
bob is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the soup is in the fourth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is in the sixth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves stir fry is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves stir fry.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
eric and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the fourth house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person's child is named meredith.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves basketball is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the bird keeper.
bob is not in the third house.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves jazz music is in the sixth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of bob.
the person who has blonde hair is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
peter is the person who has black hair.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the sixth house.
carol is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys knitting is bob.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who has auburn hair.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
there is one house between the person who loves hip-hop music and the person who loves country music.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves white.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves white is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who is tall is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the dunhill smoker.
bob is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who is very short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of peter.
the prince smoker is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is not in the third house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves purple.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who has an average height is not in the first house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is alice.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the fourth house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who prefers city breaks and eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the first house.
alice is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
peter and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is eric.
bob and the person who owns a dog are next to each other.
the person who is tall is carol.
the person with a master's degree is the person with a pet hamster.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who is very tall.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who is super tall is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree and the watermelon smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who attended trade school.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
bob is the person who is tall.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the coffee drinker.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the fifth house.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who is super tall is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is alice.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
arnold is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very tall is not in the second house.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of eric.
the person who owns a dog is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person's child is named bella.
peter is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and the person's child is named fred.
there is one house between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who owns a dog and the person who owns a honda civic.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between the person who owns a ford f-150 and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the first house.
there is one house between the person with a pet hamster and the person who has a cat.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who has a cat.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who has a cat.
the swedish person is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the dane is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is the british person.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses and the dog owner are next to each other.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the dane.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the german.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the norwegian.
bob is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the bird keeper.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who uses an iphone 13.
arnold is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person with a master's degree is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the first house.
alice is directly left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
the woodworking hobbyist is not in the fourth house.
arnold is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between peter and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves cooking is in the third house.
bob is not in the third house.
there is one house between the woodworking hobbyist and carol.
peter is in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves basketball.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and peter.
the person whose birthday is in february is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is very short is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is very tall is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves white.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the cat lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the bird keeper.
the person who is a lawyer is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dog owner.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who is a lawyer.
arnold is not in the third house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person in a ranch-style home.
alice is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the cat lover is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who is a teacher is the bird keeper.
the person residing in a victorian house is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who is an engineer and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person partial to pall mall is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the second house.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the third house.
eric is the person who owns a dog.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
the fish enthusiast is the one who only drinks water.
the bird keeper is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the tea drinker is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
there are two houses between the watermelon smoothie lover and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person residing in a victorian house.
eric is not in the second house.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who likes milk.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is bob.
the person who is very tall is the root beer lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the boba tea drinker is carol.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the tea drinker.
the boba tea drinker is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person who is tall and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who has an average height is directly left of arnold.
the person who is super tall and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is super tall is the tea drinker.
the person who is short is carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves purple.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the prince smoker.
peter is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves swimming.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of arnold.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
alice is directly left of bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is the british person.
alice is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who loves blue is the dane.
eric is the person who loves purple.
carol is in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves yellow.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who loves blue is peter.
peter is in the fourth house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person who smokes blue master.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and peter.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
the person who loves basketball is in the third house.
the prince smoker is the person who loves soccer.
peter is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves blue.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
eric is in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in may is not in the sixth house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who goes on cultural tours is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold and the person who loves purple are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the left of carol.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fifth house.
the person who loves purple is in the third house.
carol is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
eric is the tea drinker.
arnold and the prince smoker are next to each other.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person who likes milk is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fifth house.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
peter and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the right of bob.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
alice is in the first house.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
arnold and eric are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has an average height is the desert smoothie lover.
eric is in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is short.
the watermelon smoothie lover is eric.
the person whose mother's name is penny is eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has red hair is the person who is an engineer.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has brown hair is in the fifth house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who is a doctor and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who has gray hair is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the person in a modern-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is an artist.
the person who has a cat is the person who is an engineer.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person with an associate's degree is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
the person with an associate's degree is in the fourth house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person in a ranch-style home.
bob is somewhere to the right of alice.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
eric is in the second house.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person whose favorite color is green is the cat lover.
there are two houses between alice and the person whose favorite color is red.
the cat lover is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the third house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
peter is the bird keeper.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is eric.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the dane is peter.
arnold is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the swedish person and arnold.
the tea drinker is the person who loves tennis.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who likes milk.
the coffee drinker is not in the fifth house.
bob is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves swimming and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
there is one house between the person who has a cat and the person who loves baseball.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named fred is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who keeps a pet bird is alice.
there are two houses between eric and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
alice is the british person.
there is one house between eric and the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the chinese is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves biography books is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves mystery books is the british person.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
carol is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the swedish person.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
bob is in the fifth house.
carol is in the second house.
the norwegian and alice are next to each other.
the swedish person is not in the fifth house.
the german and the norwegian are next to each other.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the british person is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves romance books is eric.
arnold is the cat lover.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
eric is the british person.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who has red hair.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the person who has blonde hair and peter are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in february.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
there are two houses between the person who loves tennis and the person who loves basketball.
the person who has black hair is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person with a doctorate and bob are next to each other.
there is one house between carol and the person who has black hair.
peter is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person who has an average height.
alice is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
the person who has brown hair is in the second house.
the person who has an average height is in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person who is very tall.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
the person who attended trade school is the person who has red hair.
carol is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between the tea drinker and the person who is very short.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who is tall is not in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the boba tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is not in the second house.
alice is in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person with a doctorate.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves volleyball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
alice is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves rock music and the person with a bachelor's degree.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of carol.
eric is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves volleyball are next to each other.
peter is the person who loves tennis.
the person with a doctorate is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has brown hair is in the first house.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes going on cruises and arnold are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
alice is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who has black hair is alice.
the person who loves blue is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves rock music is bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the sixth house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves hip-hop music.
the chinese is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the norwegian.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
carol is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the german is the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dane is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the chinese.
the british person is not in the third house.
the swedish person is the person who loves pop music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
the dane is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who smokes blue master are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves fantasy books are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the bird keeper.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has an average height.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
alice is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person with a master's degree is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the first house.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who likes milk.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who owns a toyota camry.
arnold is the tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who paints as a hobby is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is in the third house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the root beer lover.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is alice.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the root beer lover is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who owns a honda civic and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
bob is in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person in a craftsman-style house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
alice is in the third house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the fish enthusiast is the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
arnold is the person who is short.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the desert smoothie lover is the person living in a colonial-style house.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves cooking.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the one who only drinks water.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the cat lover is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the right of the rabbit owner.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the norwegian.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
peter is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the dane is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the british person.
there is one house between alice and the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the german is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the norwegian.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who loves classical music.
the bird keeper is the person who loves cooking.
the cat lover is directly left of bob.
eric is not in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the german.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves the stew.
the person who has blonde hair is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is carol.
the person who has black hair is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
bob is in the second house.
the person who loves biography books is in the first house.
bob and peter are next to each other.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves romance books is in the fourth house.
peter is not in the first house.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
bob is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses an iphone 13.
alice is in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is eric.
the bird keeper is peter.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves science fiction books and eric are next to each other.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
the person who has a cat is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves blue is the person who has a cat.
there are two houses between the person with an aquarium of fish and eric.
the person who owns a dog is carol.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a pet hamster.
the person who loves white and the person who keeps a pet bird are next to each other.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person who loves purple is directly left of carol.
bob is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves purple.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person with a master's degree is the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is alice.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and alice.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in february.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is eric.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the dane is peter.
arnold is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the swedish person and arnold.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the dane is the person who loves soccer.
the british person is not in the first house.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is tall.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is not in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the fish enthusiast is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is not in the first house.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who has an average height.
there is one house between the person who is very short and the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with a master's degree and peter are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is eric.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
alice and the person who has an average height are next to each other.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is tall.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who is very short.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves fantasy books is eric.
the person who loves romance books and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves white is the prince smoker.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dunhill smoker is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who likes milk and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
alice is the person who is tall.
peter is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the coffee drinker is the person who is short.
there is one house between the person with a master's degree and the person with a high school diploma.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of alice.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
arnold is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves swimming and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with a master's degree.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of alice.
the person who is an artist is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves soccer is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is very short.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the bird keeper.
peter is the person who likes milk.
eric is the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves basketball.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who is a doctor is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is the desert smoothie lover.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
eric is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the dunhill smoker is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april and the prince smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
peter is the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who has brown hair is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves classical music.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
peter is the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
the person who has brown hair is not in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is bob.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a doctor.
bob is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is a doctor and bob are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of alice.
arnold is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
bob is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who has brown hair and carol are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
the root beer lover is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who likes milk.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is bob.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is in the sixth house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in may is the woodworking hobbyist.
the desert smoothie lover and arnold are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is very short is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the dane.
the german is peter.
the desert smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the norwegian is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who likes going on cruises is the british person.
there are two houses between bob and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
bob is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
carol is in the fifth house.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
the dunhill smoker is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april and the prince smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is a teacher.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who loves yellow.
the person who is an artist is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who owns a honda civic is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is directly left of bob.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of peter.
arnold is in the third house.
eric is the person with a pet hamster.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who has a cat.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the dunhill smoker and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the prince smoker.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who has a cat.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person's child is named alice is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the soup is the person whose birthday is in may.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves volleyball.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves basketball and the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves the soup is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person who loves stir fry.
the woodworking hobbyist is directly left of the person who loves the soup.
the cat lover is in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves yellow and the cat lover.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of eric.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between bob and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who loves stir fry.
the tea drinker is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the coffee drinker.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves the stew is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who is an artist.
there is one house between alice and the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
the person who loves rock music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves hip-hop music.
there are two houses between arnold and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
carol is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves country music is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
bob is in the third house.
alice is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with a master's degree and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person who loves the stew is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the stew is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the first house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person in a modern-style house is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves stir fry.
there are two houses between the person who loves jazz music and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves the stew is in the second house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves classical music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves country music is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves the stew.
the person who has blonde hair is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is carol.
the person who has black hair is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the second house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who loves country music.
the person who is a pizza lover is bob.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and arnold are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person who loves yellow is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person whose mother's name is holly.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
bob is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the german is the person who is a pizza lover.
eric is directly left of the person who loves blue.
alice is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves stir fry is the british person.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves blue is the norwegian.
the person who loves white is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who loves blue.
bob is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is bob.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who paints as a hobby is peter.
eric is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
arnold is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who has red hair is the person who enjoys gardening.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the desert smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the photography enthusiast.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who is very short is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is the british person.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses and the dog owner are next to each other.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the dane.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the german.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the norwegian.
bob is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the bird keeper.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of arnold.
the chinese is the person who loves pop music.
the person with a bachelor's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves classical music is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of bob.
carol is the british person.
the person with a doctorate is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves rock music.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the german.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who attended trade school and the chinese are next to each other.
the person who loves jazz music is arnold.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of alice.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the person who loves blue.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is not in the fifth house.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fifth house.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves yellow and the person who loves blue are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
there is one house between the person who smokes blue master and peter.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose favorite color is red is eric.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person with a master's degree is the bird keeper.
the person who keeps horses is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is alice.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and alice.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the second house.
eric is directly left of the person who likes milk.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in february.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a master's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
peter is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves swimming is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves tennis.
alice is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the prince smoker is directly left of alice.
bob is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who is short.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who loves country music is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is peter.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
peter is directly left of eric.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september and peter are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the dunhill smoker.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in february and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is the person whose birthday is in february.
alice is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
peter is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a toyota camry is alice.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the german is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is not in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter and the person who loves the vase of tulips are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is eric.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
eric is the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is bob.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a rabbit is arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
arnold and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the british person.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the dane and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the swedish person.
the swedish person is arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the norwegian.
the norwegian is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the bird keeper is in the second house.
the person who is very short is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person's child is named fred is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is very short.
the person who has black hair and alice are next to each other.
bob is directly left of peter.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
alice is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who has black hair is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the third house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who has gray hair.
the person who has a cat is the person who has brown hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is eric.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves cooking is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the german is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the photography enthusiast.
alice and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the british person and the person who enjoys knitting are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the swedish person.
the british person is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves cooking.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
peter is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the norwegian and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the british person is alice.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the swedish person is directly left of the dog owner.
there are two houses between the dog owner and the british person.
the dane is the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is the cat lover.
bob is the bird keeper.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of peter.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person who keeps horses is in the third house.
the norwegian is alice.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who is tall is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who enjoys mountain retreats and arnold.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
alice is not in the first house.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses and arnold are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who enjoys gardening.
the cat lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the bird keeper.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
carol is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person in a mediterranean-style villa and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who attended trade school is the cat lover.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who attended trade school are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
alice and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of eric.
the dog owner is bob.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who loves swimming.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the norwegian is the person who loves white.
arnold is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves white and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves tennis.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the dane is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
there is one house between the cat lover and the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is a doctor is eric.
the person who is a pizza lover is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves basketball is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves rock music.
the dane is peter.
peter is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of eric.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the second house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home and eric are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
peter is not in the first house.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves white is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the root beer lover.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person whose favorite color is red.
the tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and peter are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is the mother of timothy and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person residing in a victorian house.
bob is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves blue is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who likes milk is alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves yellow.
peter is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of eric.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the photography enthusiast is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves yellow is the british person.
the person who has black hair is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
alice is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who has an average height and peter.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is very tall.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is tall is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves stir fry is directly left of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who is short.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person who is super tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is alice.
the person who loves romance books is alice.
the person who loves biography books is bob.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between eric and peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is carol.
the person who loves science fiction books and the person who uses a huawei p50 are next to each other.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves fantasy books are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is in the sixth house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves rock music is the prince smoker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of eric.
peter is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
eric is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
arnold is not in the third house.
eric is in the first house.
carol is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the root beer lover is the person who loves hip-hop music.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
the person whose birthday is in april is bob.
the person who likes milk is not in the second house.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in march.
the tea drinker is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
alice is the person who is a nurse.
the tea drinker is not in the sixth house.
the person who is a doctor is the root beer lover.
the bird keeper is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person with a master's degree and the rabbit owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is carol.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who attended trade school is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of carol.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
eric is the dog owner.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the dog owner is the person with a doctorate.
the fish enthusiast is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of iris.
alice is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who attended trade school is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the second house.
the person who has a cat and the prince smoker are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the dane is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who is a doctor.
the person who loves basketball is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who has gray hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
peter is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who has blonde hair and bob are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who has black hair is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose birthday is in september is carol.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the photography enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is short is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an engineer is not in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in march.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a bachelor's degree.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the second house.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves tennis is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is tall is not in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves the soup is the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person with a doctorate is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is carol.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person who has an average height.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who is super tall.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who attended trade school.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
alice is the person who loves basketball.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
the person who keeps horses and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves cooking is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who keeps horses.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the person who loves basketball is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the bird keeper.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has an average height.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
peter is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is the swedish person.
the dane is in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in september.
the coffee drinker is not in the first house.
the person who loves jazz music is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is directly left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is in the fifth house.
the person who loves stir fry is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves the stew.
the one who only drinks water is bob.
the root beer lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there is one house between arnold and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who likes milk is in the fifth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is bob.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves the stew.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is not in the first house.
arnold and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of eric.
the cat lover and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who loves romance books is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the prince smoker and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is arnold.
there is one house between the prince smoker and the person who smokes blue master.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
arnold and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
bob and peter are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person with a doctorate is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of eric.
arnold is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of arnold.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the photography enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
peter is not in the third house.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who has a cat is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves cooking is the person with a doctorate.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who has an average height.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who enjoys camping trips are next to each other.
peter is not in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with a bachelor's degree.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who is very short.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who is tall.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes blue master is in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
there is one house between the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is in the third house.
eric is in the sixth house.
carol and eric are next to each other.
peter is in the first house.
bob is in the third house.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is in the fifth house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
there is one house between the person who loves the rose bouquet and bob.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is peter.
arnold is in the second house.
alice is directly left of carol.
the person who loves rock music is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the desert smoothie lover is the german.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is bob.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the right of eric.
peter and carol are next to each other.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the norwegian.
the dane is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is not in the third house.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the dane is in the first house.
the german is in the sixth house.
the chinese is not in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fifth house.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the norwegian.
there is one house between arnold and the british person.
the german and the person who loves historical fiction books are next to each other.
there is one house between the german and carol.
the swedish person is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is in the third house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the chinese is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves mystery books.
carol is somewhere to the right of alice.
arnold is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person whose mother's name is holly and eric are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person's child is named bella and eric are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is an engineer is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is in the second house.
peter is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the dane.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is arnold.
the dane is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the swedish person is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a dog is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is in the first house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the third house.
alice is the person who loves romance books.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fourth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is the person who has red hair.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has black hair is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who has black hair is eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the desert smoothie lover is arnold.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
peter is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of eric.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the photography enthusiast is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of carol.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is in the fifth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
bob is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves classical music is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who is a nurse and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is bob.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves pop music is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the prince smoker.
peter is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves swimming.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of arnold.
alice is directly left of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is short.
the person who is short is the person who loves mystery books.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who likes milk.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the stew is alice.
the person who is a pizza lover is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is directly left of the coffee drinker.
the person who loves the stew is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
eric is in the first house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is eric.
the tea drinker is the cat lover.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the tea drinker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the second house.
the swedish person is the person who has black hair.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the second house.
the british person and arnold are next to each other.
the bird keeper is the person who has red hair.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has blonde hair is in the third house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the swedish person is the fish enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the norwegian is not in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is the british person.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the norwegian is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the norwegian.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dane.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has black hair is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
arnold is the person who has brown hair.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of peter.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the photography enthusiast is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who is short is in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person partial to pall mall is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who smokes blue master.
peter is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is tall.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the dunhill smoker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who is super tall is alice.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves volleyball is in the first house.
peter and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who is short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves swimming is carol.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is super tall.
the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the dane and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 are next to each other.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the swedish person.
the swedish person is arnold.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the norwegian.
the norwegian is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
alice is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves romance books is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of eric.
there are two houses between alice and the person who is an artist.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of bob.
the person who is a lawyer is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the person who loves beach vacations and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is short.
the person who is short is the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is the dog owner.
the bird keeper and peter are next to each other.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
there are two houses between the cat lover and eric.
the person who has brown hair is bob.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the cat lover is directly left of the person who has black hair.
arnold is directly left of eric.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the rabbit owner is arnold.
bob is the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who loves the soup is in the fourth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
eric is in the sixth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves stir fry is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is carol.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves stir fry.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the root beer lover is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the coffee drinker is arnold.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
there are two houses between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who likes milk.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
the person who loves cooking is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is bob.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the woodworking hobbyist is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is in the sixth house.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in may is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who loves basketball is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the bird keeper.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has an average height.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the fourth house.
arnold is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the person who has red hair and the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
peter is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has blonde hair is the person whose birthday is in september.
arnold is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose birthday is in january is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who has blonde hair is eric.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the second house.
the dane is in the third house.
the british person is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the norwegian.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the second house.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the german is the person who is a teacher.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is alice.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the third house.
there is one house between arnold and bob.
arnold is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
there is one house between the person who uses an iphone 13 and eric.
the person with a doctorate is directly left of the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a master's degree is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is directly left of peter.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves white is the prince smoker.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dunhill smoker is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves jazz music is the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is the person whose birthday is in april.
peter is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the dunhill smoker is not in the third house.
the prince smoker is arnold.
the person who loves jazz music is the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves classical music is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is arnold.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has a cat and arnold are next to each other.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the second house.
the person who is very short is the prince smoker.
alice is not in the fifth house.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
alice and bob are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is alice.
the person's child is named fred is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who loves blue and the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves white is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
alice is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of bob.
carol is the person who has gray hair.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves jazz music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is the boba tea drinker.
there is one house between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who loves pop music is not in the first house.
the root beer lover is in the second house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has red hair and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who has gray hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
eric is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in april.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is an engineer.
alice is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the bird keeper.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who keeps horses is eric.
there are two houses between the dog owner and bob.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of bob.
alice is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the cat lover is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of eric.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
alice is in the first house.
the person who has black hair is not in the first house.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is eric.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
the dane is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
arnold and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
eric is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in april.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is an engineer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves baseball is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
carol is the person who loves tennis.
the dog owner is the person who loves swimming.
the photography enthusiast is the tea drinker.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who enjoys knitting is the person who keeps horses.
the coffee drinker is directly left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves soccer.
the boba tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the fish enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is carol.
there is one house between the rabbit owner and the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the woodworking hobbyist is the dog owner.
there are two houses between the person who paints as a hobby and the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the swedish person is arnold.
the chinese is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the norwegian and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who loves the boquet of iris.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of alice.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the swedish person are next to each other.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of peter.
the norwegian is eric.
bob is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
there is one house between carol and arnold.
the prince smoker is the person who has black hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the root beer lover.
the boba tea drinker is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who has black hair is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the first house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is the root beer lover.
the person who has brown hair is not in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has an average height is in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is very short is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who owns a toyota camry is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves white.
the coffee drinker is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is alice.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the first house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the sixth house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the second house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
there is one house between bob and carol.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is eric.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the left of carol.
arnold is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves classical music is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who is a nurse and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is bob.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves pop music is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the bird keeper is in the second house.
the person who is very short is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
peter is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person's child is named fred is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is very short.
the person with a master's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the norwegian and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the german is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
arnold and the dane are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person who loves mystery books.
the swedish person is alice.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves biography books.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the first house.
peter is the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person's child is named meredith.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
there are two houses between the person who paints as a hobby and the person who has an average height.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
arnold is the person who is very short.
the person who is tall and alice are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is not in the third house.
the photography enthusiast is peter.
the photography enthusiast and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is eric.
there is one house between the person residing in a victorian house and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who smokes many unique blends is eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
bob is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who smokes blue master are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dunhill smoker.
eric is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves fantasy books are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is not in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves baseball and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the fourth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fifth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a pet hamster.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
eric is in the first house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves swimming and alice are next to each other.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
eric is in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
peter is the person who loves baseball.
alice is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the dunhill smoker.
peter and the root beer lover are next to each other.
the prince smoker is bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who smokes blue master.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the root beer lover is in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the coffee drinker.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the boba tea drinker is the person partial to pall mall.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
alice is not in the first house.
eric is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the one who only drinks water.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose favorite color is red is eric.
the british person and peter are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves classical music is in the second house.
there is one house between the british person and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves rock music is the norwegian.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
the norwegian is arnold.
the dane and the person who loves white are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the first house.
there is one house between carol and alice.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the fourth house.
carol is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in march and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
eric is the person who is tall.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the person who is very short is the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of alice.
the british person is bob.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person who smokes blue master is the swedish person.
the fish enthusiast is bob.
the dunhill smoker is the german.
the cat lover is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a pet hamster is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose birthday is in january.
alice is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the left of peter.
the dane is the person who smokes many unique blends.
peter and arnold are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the dunhill smoker is the person who has a cat.
the swedish person is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a dog is in the third house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves mystery books is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes blue master and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the person who owns a dog is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the prince smoker.
arnold and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of arnold.
eric is not in the third house.
eric is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of peter.
the person who is an artist is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the cat lover is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
bob is the desert smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is the bird keeper.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the boquet of iris.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
bob is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is the person who is an engineer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who is an artist.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who keeps horses is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the rabbit owner.
the person who has red hair is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of eric.
the bird keeper is bob.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the rabbit owner.
eric is in the first house.
alice is the cat lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the rabbit owner.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who keeps horses.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the second house.
alice is not in the sixth house.
carol is the fish enthusiast.
the coffee drinker is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is the tea drinker.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
carol is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
eric is directly left of carol.
the person who loves pop music is not in the third house.
eric is the person who loves country music.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the coffee drinker is bob.
the person who smokes many unique blends is peter.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fifth house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is sarah and the person who smokes yellow monster.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves the soup is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves the stew.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is an engineer is in the second house.
the prince smoker is eric.
the person who loves mystery books and the dane are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who is an artist.
alice is in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is not in the third house.
bob is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person's child is named meredith is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is the person who owns a dog.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who owns a dog.
bob is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves romance books.
alice is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who owns a rabbit is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
the person who has red hair is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and eric.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has auburn hair is carol.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the first house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
peter is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves tennis is in the first house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves tennis and the person who loves soccer are next to each other.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fifth house.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person with a doctorate is the dane.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
there are two houses between the british person and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
carol is in the first house.
bob is the german.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the norwegian.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in may and the person with a master's degree.
the norwegian is peter.
the person who attended trade school is the person who loves purple.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who likes milk.
bob is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who is an artist is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is directly left of carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who enjoys gardening is carol.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who is very tall is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is very short is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fourth house.
the person who is short is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of eric.
alice and the person in a ranch-style home are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves basketball is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves swimming is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who loves tennis.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves white.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves white is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of eric.
alice is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who loves tennis is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is tall is not in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who loves the soup is the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person with a doctorate is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is carol.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who attended trade school and the person who has an average height.
the person who is very tall is directly left of the person who is super tall.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who attended trade school.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
alice is the person who loves basketball.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
arnold is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
bob is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves cooking is the person whose birthday is in may.
the woodworking hobbyist and the person whose birthday is in march are next to each other.
the person who enjoys knitting is directly left of the person who smokes yellow monster.
peter and the person who paints as a hobby are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the person whose birthday is in february is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the photography enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is peter.
the swedish person is eric.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who has black hair is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is a doctor and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves yellow is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the first house.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
alice is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
eric and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves cooking is directly left of the person who enjoys knitting.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves pop music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named bella.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who likes milk and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
alice is the person who is tall.
peter is not in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has an average height is not in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the coffee drinker is the person who is short.
there is one house between the person with a master's degree and the person with a high school diploma.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of alice.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is tall.
the person whose birthday is in february is the fish enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who loves beach vacations is peter.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is carol.
the rabbit owner is bob.
the rabbit owner is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the cat lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the sixth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the dog owner.
alice is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose birthday is in may and the person whose mother's name is sarah are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the cat lover.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in march and the rabbit owner.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the second house.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the right of the person who goes on cultural tours.
carol is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the second house.
peter is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is eric.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the first house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is bob.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the first house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who has an average height.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves white.
arnold is in the first house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
eric is the tea drinker.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named fred.
the cat lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is the prince smoker.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is eric.
there are two houses between bob and peter.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the second house.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between bob and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
arnold is in the second house.
arnold is the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the norwegian.
the person who loves beach vacations and peter are next to each other.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the dane.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the second house.
the dane is in the third house.
the british person is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the norwegian.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the second house.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the german is the person who is a teacher.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves basketball is the prince smoker.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is short is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves tennis and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is not in the first house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the third house.
the swedish person is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the swedish person and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is eric.
the british person is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves the stew.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
carol is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between the desert smoothie lover and peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of arnold.
carol is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the cat lover is bob.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is a pizza lover.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the person who loves stir fry.
arnold is the rabbit owner.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves mystery books is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves science fiction books is alice.
the person with a master's degree is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of arnold.
the cat lover is in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves yellow and the cat lover.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of eric.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves yellow is the british person.
the person who has black hair is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
the person who loves cooking is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a toyota camry is peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and eric.
the person who has gray hair and bob are next to each other.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves classical music is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has brown hair is bob.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person who has black hair is in the third house.
there are two houses between the coffee drinker and arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves jazz music.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is not in the first house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of peter.
the photography enthusiast is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the second house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves white.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has a cat is eric.
eric is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
alice and arnold are next to each other.
eric is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is not in the first house.
alice is in the first house.
arnold is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
the person partial to pall mall is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is somewhere to the right of peter.
there are two houses between carol and peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is not in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of iris and the person who loves a carnations arrangement are next to each other.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is peter.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
peter is not in the first house.
alice is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person who owns a dog is the person's child is named fred.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of eric.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
the dane is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who likes going on cruises.
alice is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves the stew.
eric is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person who has a cat is the british person.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fourth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves purple.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves blue is the person with a pet hamster.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is red and bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
carol is in the first house.
the person who loves yellow and the german are next to each other.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the dane is the person who loves yellow.
bob is the norwegian.
alice is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is arnold.
there is one house between the person who is very tall and the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who is short is in the fourth house.
alice is not in the third house.
eric is directly left of bob.
the person who is tall is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person who is very short is in the sixth house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is super tall is in the third house.
there are two houses between eric and carol.
peter is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
the fish enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the cat lover is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
arnold is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves volleyball.
peter is not in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves swimming and the person with a doctorate are next to each other.
alice is in the second house.
the person with a doctorate and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
bob is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the fifth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of bob.
the cat lover is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
peter is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves yellow.
the one who only drinks water is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the tea drinker is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and peter.
the person whose birthday is in february is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is very short is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves biography books.
bob is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is very tall is in the second house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves white.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is in the second house.
peter is in the first house.
eric is the person who loves romance books.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who likes cherry smoothies are next to each other.
bob is the person who loves white.
there is one house between alice and bob.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fourth house.
arnold is the person who loves purple.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the second house.
bob is somewhere to the right of carol.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green is eric.
carol is in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves tennis is the tea drinker.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the british person.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves soccer.
the norwegian is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person with a high school diploma is eric.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the dane is not in the third house.
peter is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the swedish person and the norwegian are next to each other.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the swedish person.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is an artist is in the third house.
the person who is a lawyer is in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person who is short is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is a lawyer are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has an average height is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who is tall is the person who is an engineer.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a doctor.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who is a doctor.
the photography enthusiast is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is short.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the first house.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is very short.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is the person who is very short.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the photography enthusiast.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
peter is directly left of bob.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is eric.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person who paints as a hobby and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
alice is in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps a pet bird.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
alice is the person's child is named samantha.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
peter is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
there is one house between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the person whose mother's name is holly.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the coffee drinker.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the tea drinker is in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the one who only drinks water and the tea drinker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
there is one house between the person who keeps a pet bird and the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has a cat.
the root beer lover is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who owns a dog.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
the boba tea drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the british person is directly left of eric.
alice is the person who owns a honda civic.
the tea drinker is not in the first house.
eric is the chinese.
the tea drinker is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the german is in the second house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
bob is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the root beer lover is directly left of the norwegian.
the dane is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in september and the person who is a doctor.
alice is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice and the person who is an artist are next to each other.
carol is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is in the sixth house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is arnold.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person who is a nurse.
eric and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who is a teacher.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of peter.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves mystery books.
the cat lover is the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves classical music is not in the fourth house.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
alice is the person who owns a dog.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the third house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is alice.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves cooking.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
eric is the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is bob.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a rabbit is arnold.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who owns a dog is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and the tea drinker are next to each other.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the cat lover is in the third house.
there is one house between the person who loves yellow and the cat lover.
the person who loves classical music is directly left of eric.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
alice is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fifth house.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the norwegian.
there is one house between arnold and the british person.
the german and the person who loves historical fiction books are next to each other.
there is one house between the german and carol.
the swedish person is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is in the third house.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the chinese is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves mystery books.
carol is somewhere to the right of alice.
arnold is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the person whose mother's name is holly and eric are next to each other.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves cooking is peter.
the person who loves romance books is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves mystery books is the photography enthusiast.
the one who only drinks water is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
the fish enthusiast is the one who only drinks water.
the bird keeper is bob.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the tea drinker is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is alice.
there are two houses between the watermelon smoothie lover and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the first house.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the stew is arnold.
the person who is an artist is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
alice is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the dog owner is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a dog is eric.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the cat lover is not in the fourth house.
there are two houses between carol and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with a pet hamster.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the dog owner and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is penny and bob.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the person whose mother's name is penny.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the bird keeper is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person with a pet hamster is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes yellow monster is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the bird keeper is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the rabbit owner.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who smokes yellow monster is eric.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the desert smoothie lover.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is carol.
the person who keeps horses is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
eric is the person who is tall.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the person who is very short is the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the first house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of peter.
peter is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person who loves mystery books.
arnold is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the desert smoothie lover.
eric and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
eric is the coffee drinker.
the tea drinker is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys knitting is not in the fourth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
arnold is the person who loves cooking.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
there is one house between bob and the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the root beer lover.
the photography enthusiast is the one who only drinks water.
the person who has red hair is not in the third house.
there is one house between eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has red hair.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who has black hair is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the bird keeper and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves classical music is arnold.
eric is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of arnold.
the bird keeper is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person who paints as a hobby is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who enjoys gardening is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who paints as a hobby and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the photography enthusiast is alice.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the bird keeper.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the soup.
carol is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a doctorate.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person with a doctorate.
there is one house between the person in a mediterranean-style villa and the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who attended trade school is the cat lover.
the person with a master's degree is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves the stew.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person in a modern-style house and the person who attended trade school are next to each other.
eric is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
alice and the person in a mediterranean-style villa are next to each other.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of eric.
the dog owner is bob.
the bird keeper and eric are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is the dane.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the bird keeper.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
eric is the swedish person.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who enjoys camping trips.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is peter.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the fifth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves mystery books.
there is one house between the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is somewhere to the left of carol.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who prefers city breaks is the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person's child is named fred and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
eric is the swedish person.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person who is a teacher is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the dane.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person who is an engineer.
the person's child is named fred and the person who is a teacher are next to each other.
alice is not in the fifth house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the fifth house.
carol is directly left of alice.
the person in a modern-style house is eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
bob is in the first house.
bob and eric are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of carol.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves fantasy books is not in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves romance books is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves romance books.
arnold is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the left of the person residing in a victorian house.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the root beer lover.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person whose favorite color is red.
the tea drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and peter are next to each other.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is the mother of timothy and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
the person who loves blue is the person residing in a victorian house.
bob is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves blue is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who likes milk is alice.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is an artist is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes milk.
the person's child is named samantha is alice.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of arnold.
the person who is an engineer and the person who is a doctor are next to each other.
arnold is not in the first house.
peter is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who has black hair.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who loves blue.
the person who has red hair is alice.
the person who loves cooking is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who has gray hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves white.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who has blonde hair.
eric and the person who loves cooking are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person who loves blue.
the person who is very short is the person who has black hair.
bob is the person who loves blue.
the person who is tall is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who loves blue is the person who has blonde hair.
the fish enthusiast is the person with an associate's degree.
the cat lover is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
arnold is directly left of the rabbit owner.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves volleyball.
peter is not in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who attended trade school.
the person who loves swimming and the person with a doctorate are next to each other.
alice is in the second house.
the person with a doctorate and the person who loves basketball are next to each other.
bob is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the second house.
the person who loves baseball is in the fifth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves basketball.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of bob.
the cat lover is in the fourth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the cat lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has an average height is in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is green and the person who owns a tesla model 3 are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is very short is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
peter is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who owns a toyota camry is eric.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves white.
the coffee drinker is in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes milk.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the second house.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the fourth house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is in the third house.
the person in a modern-style house is directly left of carol.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the sixth house.
alice and the person in a craftsman-style house are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and bob.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the third house.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is not in the second house.
there are two houses between arnold and bob.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the second house.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of peter.
the person who is very short is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is short is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person who is short.
the person who loves tennis is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the third house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is the bird keeper.
there is one house between the person who keeps horses and the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is arnold.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person with a master's degree.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who has red hair is directly left of alice.
eric is the person who loves the stew.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
eric is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the first house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who prefers city breaks.
peter and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
bob is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
carol is in the sixth house.
eric and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the person who loves country music is carol.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves pop music is peter.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the third house.
there is one house between peter and bob.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music is peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves white.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves classical music is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is a doctor is not in the first house.
the dane is the person who is an engineer.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the swedish person is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
eric is in the second house.
the person who loves soccer is in the first house.
the person who has a cat is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the coffee drinker is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves yellow is the person who loves hip-hop music.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the one who only drinks water is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is eric.
the dunhill smoker is alice.
the root beer lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
the dunhill smoker is somewhere to the left of the prince smoker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
eric is the tea drinker.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves white.
the person who loves classical music and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is eric.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who loves pop music is the root beer lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves rock music is the person who loves white.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of the person who loves biography books.
arnold is the person who loves biography books.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person's child is named bella is peter.
there is one house between the person who loves biography books and bob.
alice is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves mystery books is in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves fantasy books is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the prince smoker.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person who uses an iphone 13.
there is one house between the person's child is named samantha and the person who is short.
the person's child is named alice is bob.
the person who loves country music is directly left of arnold.
alice is the person who is tall.
the person who loves pop music is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who is super tall.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who is the mother of timothy is not in the sixth house.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
there is one house between the person who is short and the person who is very short.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
the person who loves jazz music is not in the fifth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who is very tall is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves classical music is in the sixth house.
the person who loves rock music is in the first house.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the prince smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who owns a dog is peter.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is not in the fifth house.
the person who has a cat is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of peter.
there is one house between the desert smoothie lover and the dunhill smoker.
the person who loves baseball and the person who uses a google pixel 6 are next to each other.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the second house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is in the fourth house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the fourth house.
the person partial to pall mall is in the fifth house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person with a pet hamster.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the watermelon smoothie lover is arnold.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the dunhill smoker.
the dunhill smoker is eric.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves pop music.
the person partial to pall mall is the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person partial to pall mall.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named samantha is in the first house.
the norwegian and the person with a master's degree are next to each other.
the german is the dunhill smoker.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
arnold and the dane are next to each other.
the swedish person is the person who loves mystery books.
the swedish person is alice.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a doctorate is in the second house.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves biography books.
the person who smokes many unique blends is alice.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the first house.
peter is the norwegian.
the person with a doctorate is the person's child is named meredith.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person partial to pall mall is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
arnold is the person who loves basketball.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves soccer.
the person who is a doctor is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person's child is named bella.
the person who is an engineer is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is in the second house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves purple is directly left of the person partial to pall mall.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves yellow and the person who loves blue are next to each other.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there are two houses between carol and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the prince smoker is the person who loves basketball.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves volleyball.
the person who loves swimming is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves white.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who loves the rose bouquet are next to each other.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dunhill smoker is peter.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is bob.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves soccer is carol.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
eric is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music and the person who loves rock music are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves classical music.
eric is not in the third house.
peter is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person's child is named bella.
peter is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
there is one house between the person's child is named meredith and the person's child is named fred.
alice is in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person with a doctorate.
the person with a high school diploma is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves volleyball is the person with a bachelor's degree.
alice is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves swimming.
there is one house between the person who loves rock music and the person with a bachelor's degree.
carol is in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves swimming is somewhere to the left of carol.
eric is directly left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves volleyball are next to each other.
peter is the person who loves tennis.
the person with a doctorate is peter.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the fourth house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who keeps horses is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves baseball is the person's child is named meredith.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves soccer is the bird keeper.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves basketball is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the fish enthusiast.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the bird keeper is alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the bird keeper.
bob is not in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of eric.
alice is the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of eric.
there is one house between bob and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the fourth house.
there is one house between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who likes milk is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is not in the first house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is arnold.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the desert smoothie lover is the person living in a colonial-style house.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves cooking.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the one who only drinks water.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves romance books and the person who likes going on cruises are next to each other.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
there is one house between alice and the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves white.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
peter is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who is a pizza lover and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of eric.
eric is the person who loves cooking.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the fourth house.
the photography enthusiast is in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the third house.
arnold is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is directly left of peter.
the person who loves basketball and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who loves cooking.
the photography enthusiast is the person who loves basketball.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves rock music is arnold.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of peter.
arnold and the person's child is named meredith are next to each other.
alice is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is in the second house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the dane is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is arnold.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in september.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person's child is named alice is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person with a doctorate is the person who loves the soup.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the sixth house.
the person who attended trade school is directly left of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who loves baseball and the person's child is named bella are next to each other.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
bob is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person's child is named samantha is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves volleyball is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
bob is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of carol.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves the soup.
carol is the person with a high school diploma.
the person with an associate's degree is in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is eric.
the person with a master's degree is in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma and arnold are next to each other.
alice is the person with a bachelor's degree.
there is one house between the person who goes on cultural tours and alice.
the person whose birthday is in february is peter.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who enjoys camping trips.
eric and arnold are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of arnold.
the root beer lover is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in september is the tea drinker.
the coffee drinker is alice.
the person whose birthday is in march is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is the one who only drinks water.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
bob is directly left of the boba tea drinker.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves beach vacations and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is arnold.
eric is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves basketball is the british person.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose favorite color is red.
eric is the person who loves basketball.
alice is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the norwegian is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the second house.
the person who loves tennis is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the norwegian.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
eric is in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the dane.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of arnold.
the swedish person is the person who keeps a pet bird.
peter is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the chinese and the person with a pet hamster.
the german is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the swedish person is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the dane is carol.
the person who owns a dog is not in the sixth house.
the swedish person is not in the sixth house.
the swedish person and peter are next to each other.
the person's child is named alice is peter.
arnold is the norwegian.
bob is somewhere to the right of the chinese.
carol is the person who owns a dog.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the third house.
the person who owns a rabbit is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the british person.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
there is one house between carol and the person who goes on cultural tours.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is directly left of the person who likes milk.
bob is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the left of the coffee drinker.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
eric is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the woodworking hobbyist.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who is an artist is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the boba tea drinker.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the tea drinker is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is directly left of carol.
the coffee drinker is the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is the person who loves cooking.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the root beer lover.
the person who enjoys gardening is carol.
alice is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person living in a colonial-style house is arnold.
alice is in the fourth house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
there is one house between alice and carol.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person's child is named fred is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves cooking.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of eric.
the person who is an artist is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the third house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who is a teacher.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person who is a pizza lover is peter.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person's child is named meredith.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys gardening.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
peter and the cat lover are next to each other.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person who has a cat are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the cat lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is the dane.
the german is peter.
the desert smoothie lover is in the sixth house.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the british person.
the norwegian is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who likes going on cruises is the british person.
there are two houses between bob and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is directly left of the person who goes on cultural tours.
bob is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes going on cruises is directly left of peter.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
carol is in the fifth house.
the person who has brown hair is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a doctor is the dane.
eric is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who is an engineer.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the german.
bob is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an artist is the swedish person.
the swedish person is in the second house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
alice is the person who has red hair.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the fifth house.
the person who has black hair is the norwegian.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in january and the british person.
the person who has red hair is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who is an engineer and the british person are next to each other.
there is one house between arnold and the person who has red hair.
the person who loves romance books is in the third house.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves science fiction books is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is short is somewhere to the right of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who loves science fiction books.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who is an artist is eric.
the person who is a doctor is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person whose mother's name is penny is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves swimming is in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is in the fifth house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person living in a colonial-style house and the person in a modern-style house.
the person who is short is eric.
eric is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who is short is in the second house.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
peter is not in the second house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves stir fry.
the person who loves cooking is the person who has an average height.
alice is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the second house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the person who is short is peter.
the person who has an average height and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is very short is in the fifth house.
the person who is tall is in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
there are two houses between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the fifth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the first house.
there are two houses between the person who is a doctor and the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is a lawyer and arnold are next to each other.
there is one house between peter and the person who is a teacher.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who is a teacher.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and arnold.
the tea drinker is the person who uses an iphone 13.
there is one house between the dog owner and the tea drinker.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric and the person's child is named alice are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is not in the third house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the coffee drinker.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who likes milk.
peter is the person who likes milk.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person's child is named alice.
the person who keeps horses is not in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of bob.
the person's child is named bella is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the bird keeper is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person's child is named bella.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named fred.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and alice are next to each other.
bob is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person who is the mother of timothy is eric.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
bob is the person who has brown hair.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person's child is named fred is peter.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of the person who has a cat.
the person with a pet hamster is the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person's child is named bella is in the third house.
peter is not in the first house.
alice is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the third house.
the person who owns a dog is the person's child is named fred.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of eric.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
the person who enjoys knitting is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who keeps a pet bird is in the fifth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves yellow.
alice is the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
there are two houses between eric and the person who prefers city breaks.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
alice is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves mystery books is eric.
eric and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the norwegian is peter.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person's child is named bella is not in the second house.
alice is the british person.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the right of the norwegian.
there is one house between the person's child is named fred and the person who prefers city breaks.
bob is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who enjoys camping trips is not in the fifth house.
eric is the dunhill smoker.
peter and the root beer lover are next to each other.
the prince smoker is bob.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who smokes blue master.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the root beer lover is in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the coffee drinker.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the boba tea drinker is the person partial to pall mall.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
alice is not in the first house.
the person who loves yellow is not in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves white is peter.
alice is the person whose favorite color is green.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person who loves yellow is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves white.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who is an artist is in the fourth house.
eric is not in the sixth house.
bob is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves biography books.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who is a nurse.
the person who loves science fiction books is bob.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is carol.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and eric.
eric is the person who loves historical fiction books.
there is one house between the person who is a teacher and alice.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves white.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves romance books is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves fantasy books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves white is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the third house.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
eric is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the second house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is directly left of the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who is a nurse is eric.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
alice and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in march and the person who is a nurse.
the person whose birthday is in march is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is in the third house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is bob.
the person who is a lawyer and the person whose birthday is in april are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
there is one house between the person who loves science fiction books and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves white is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the german is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves the stew.
the person's child is named samantha is directly left of the german.
alice is the swedish person.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the norwegian is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is not in the second house.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves tennis.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
alice is the person who loves swimming.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves rock music.
the dane is peter.
peter is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is the person who loves baseball.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves swimming.
eric is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of arnold.
bob is not in the fifth house.
eric is the dane.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is eric.
arnold is the person who has black hair.
peter is in the first house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is the dog owner.
the bird keeper and peter are next to each other.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
there are two houses between the cat lover and eric.
the person who has brown hair is bob.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the cat lover is directly left of the person who has black hair.
arnold is directly left of eric.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
the rabbit owner is arnold.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of arnold.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the bird keeper.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
there are two houses between the person who has red hair and the person who has black hair.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who has brown hair is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves blue.
there are two houses between the person whose favorite color is green and bob.
the person who loves white is in the fifth house.
the person who loves baseball is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves tennis is not in the fifth house.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person who is a pizza lover is eric.
the person who loves purple is carol.
peter is in the third house.
carol is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves volleyball is somewhere to the left of the person who has auburn hair.
eric is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who loves blue.
the person who loves volleyball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the fifth house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves the soup is in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has gray hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
eric is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the cat lover.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves white is the person who loves tennis.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
alice is not in the fifth house.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
bob is the person who loves beach vacations.
the cat lover is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the fish enthusiast.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast and the person who enjoys mountain retreats are next to each other.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the fish enthusiast is alice.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who uses a huawei p50.
there are two houses between arnold and the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the third house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the tea drinker.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of peter.
the photography enthusiast is the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a craftsman-style house is in the second house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves white.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves white is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves yellow.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who has a cat is eric.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is the tea drinker.
alice and peter are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the cat lover.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the person who loves white.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who loves white.
peter is the person whose favorite color is green.
the bird keeper is eric.
eric is the person who prefers city breaks.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is the person who is tall.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height is eric.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the third house.
bob is the person who is short.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
the dog owner is not in the first house.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
arnold is the fish enthusiast.
the bird keeper is directly left of the cat lover.
the person who is a teacher is not in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an engineer is alice.
the fish enthusiast is in the fourth house.
the person who is a doctor is peter.
bob is the person who is a teacher.
peter is somewhere to the right of arnold.
eric is the person whose favorite color is red.
the desert smoothie lover is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
eric is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dane and the british person are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the dane.
bob is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
alice is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is short is in the second house.
the person who has an average height is eric.
peter is in the first house.
alice is directly left of bob.
the person whose favorite color is green is the british person.
alice is somewhere to the left of the german.
the person who loves blue is the dane.
eric is the person who loves purple.
carol is in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the second house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is directly left of the norwegian.
there are two houses between alice and the person who loves yellow.
the dane is in the fifth house.
the person who loves blue is peter.
the person who goes on cultural tours is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the british person.
the person who prefers city breaks is carol.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who prefers city breaks is the swedish person.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
carol is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is in the second house.
bob is not in the first house.
bob is not in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the norwegian and arnold are next to each other.
the dane is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the british person is not in the third house.
the one who only drinks water is the person who owns a dog.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who likes milk is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
there is one house between the person who likes milk and the person who loves classical music.
the person who owns a honda civic is arnold.
the person who has a cat and the coffee drinker are next to each other.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who loves classical music is not in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the tea drinker.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is somewhere to the right of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the tea drinker and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
eric is the person who is tall.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the person who is very short is the person who has black hair.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair and the person who has black hair are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who has red hair is in the first house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who has black hair.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person who is the mother of timothy and eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named alice is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who likes going on cruises.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves fantasy books is carol.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is holly and eric.
there are two houses between the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who uses an iphone 13.
eric and peter are next to each other.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is not in the second house.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the fourth house.
peter is in the fifth house.
alice is not in the third house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is in the third house.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves biography books is the desert smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves country music.
the rabbit owner is in the third house.
arnold is the bird keeper.
the person who loves country music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the first house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
bob is the cat lover.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who smokes yellow monster is in the sixth house.
the prince smoker is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves classical music is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the dunhill smoker and the person who loves science fiction books are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of peter.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the cat lover.
the person who smokes many unique blends is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the fifth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person who has red hair is somewhere to the right of eric.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
arnold is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the second house.
arnold and the person who loves pop music are next to each other.
the person who has brown hair is the british person.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of arnold.
the fish enthusiast is the person's child is named samantha.
alice is directly left of the bird keeper.
the cat lover is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the bird keeper.
eric is the person's child is named meredith.
there are two houses between the person who has red hair and the person who has black hair.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named bella is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a dog is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the sixth house.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the boba tea drinker.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
the person who is very tall is bob.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
carol is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who has an average height is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is bob.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
eric is the person who loves the soup.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who likes milk.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who loves the stew.
the person who is tall is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is in the second house.
the person who loves the stew is the root beer lover.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the boba tea drinker.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
carol is directly left of the root beer lover.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is in the second house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person's child is named samantha and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person's child is named fred.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person with an aquarium of fish.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person who keeps a pet bird and the person with an aquarium of fish are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of peter.
the person who has a cat is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
alice is the person with a master's degree.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the left of bob.
the person who prefers city breaks is peter.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the first house.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric and peter are next to each other.
alice is the person whose favorite color is red.
there is one house between peter and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves blue.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person with a high school diploma.
eric is the prince smoker.
the prince smoker is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is in the second house.
arnold is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves basketball is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves rock music is in the fifth house.
the person who loves classical music and the woodworking hobbyist are next to each other.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves hip-hop music.
there are two houses between arnold and the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of eric.
the person who loves hip-hop music is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys knitting.
carol is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person in a craftsman-style house is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is eric.
the woodworking hobbyist is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves country music is in the first house.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and the person living in a colonial-style house.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is eric.
bob is in the third house.
the british person is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
alice is in the fourth house.
eric is in the first house.
the person who owns a honda civic and arnold are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is an artist.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who enjoys gardening and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is a teacher is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is in the second house.
the coffee drinker is the person who owns a dog.
arnold is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who owns a dog.
the one who only drinks water is the bird keeper.
alice is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person with a master's degree is the tea drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the fish enthusiast is the coffee drinker.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the fourth house.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves mystery books.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person whose birthday is in january.
the bird keeper is directly left of peter.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the fish enthusiast is somewhere to the right of bob.
the fish enthusiast is eric.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves science fiction books.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
peter is the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
there is one house between the person partial to pall mall and the person who loves mystery books.
there is one house between eric and the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books is the dunhill smoker.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the person who loves fantasy books is not in the fourth house.
the prince smoker and the dunhill smoker are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves mystery books.
the prince smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of arnold.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person who is very short is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who is short is the desert smoothie lover.
alice is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who loves white.
bob is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is bob.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and eric are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is alice.
peter is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is alice.
the person who loves the vase of tulips and peter are next to each other.
the person who loves soccer is the person's child is named fred.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person whose birthday is in january is peter.
the person who loves baseball is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who is the mother of timothy is the person who loves baseball.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in february and peter.
eric is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
eric is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of peter.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named samantha.
eric is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves fantasy books.
arnold is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of eric.
there are two houses between the photography enthusiast and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves romance books is peter.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is not in the second house.
the person with a bachelor's degree is somewhere to the right of the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves rock music is peter.
the person with a bachelor's degree is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves romance books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
eric is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is in the first house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
the person with a doctorate is in the first house.
the person in a modern-style house is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of bob.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person with a high school diploma is in the fifth house.
bob is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person who has a cat and the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person with a pet hamster is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person who owns a rabbit is eric.
there is one house between the person who owns a dog and the person who has a cat.
the person who has a cat is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
alice is directly left of carol.
carol is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who owns a rabbit.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person who has gray hair and bob are next to each other.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dunhill smoker is the person who likes milk.
arnold is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves classical music is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has brown hair is bob.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves hip-hop music.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person who has black hair is in the third house.
there are two houses between the coffee drinker and arnold.
the person who smokes blue master is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is the person who loves jazz music.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
eric is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who loves rock music.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person who likes milk is somewhere to the left of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who is an artist is alice.
bob is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who is a doctor is the person who uses a huawei p50.
bob is the root beer lover.
there are two houses between the person who is an engineer and the person who uses a oneplus 9.
eric is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the person who is an artist.
carol is directly left of the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who is a lawyer is the coffee drinker.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
eric is the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person in a ranch-style home is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
eric is in the third house.
arnold is in the fourth house.
the person residing in a victorian house is alice.
the person who has a cat is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
peter is in the second house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
arnold is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves rock music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
the person who owns a rabbit is in the sixth house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who uses a huawei p50 and the person who loves country music are next to each other.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
carol and peter are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the first house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
there are two houses between carol and alice.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is eric.
peter is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who has a cat is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is bob.
the person who has brown hair is the one who only drinks water.
eric is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who has brown hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has gray hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who likes going on cruises.
the coffee drinker is the prince smoker.
the coffee drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
eric is the tea drinker.
the prince smoker is in the third house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is peter.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has blonde hair.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
bob is the boba tea drinker.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
arnold is not in the first house.
the swedish person is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the dane is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is penny is eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has red hair is the person who is an engineer.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who has brown hair is in the fifth house.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter is in the fifth house.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
the person who has blonde hair is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who is a doctor and the person whose mother's name is aniya are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is somewhere to the left of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who has gray hair is in the second house.
the person who loves cooking is in the second house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the first house.
alice is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
peter is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is eric.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who is short is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is tall.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the one who only drinks water is the person partial to pall mall.
peter is the dane.
the one who only drinks water is the person who loves soccer.
the person who smokes blue master is arnold.
the dane is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the swedish person is the person who loves basketball.
the person who owns a dog is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
the dane is not in the first house.
the tea drinker is in the third house.
the person who likes milk is in the first house.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who has a cat is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the photography enthusiast is arnold.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves pop music is in the second house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is eric.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the british person is not in the first house.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person whose birthday is in september is arnold.
the person with a doctorate and bob are next to each other.
there is one house between carol and the person who has black hair.
peter is the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves science fiction books is eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person who has an average height.
alice is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves romance books is bob.
the person who has brown hair is in the second house.
the person who has an average height is in the fourth house.
the boba tea drinker is the person who is very tall.
the person with a high school diploma is bob.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who loves historical fiction books and the person with a bachelor's degree are next to each other.
the person who attended trade school is the person who has red hair.
carol is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the person who has gray hair.
there are two houses between eric and the person who loves fantasy books.
there are two houses between the tea drinker and the person who is very short.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the root beer lover is alice.
the person with an associate's degree is arnold.
the person who is tall is not in the second house.
the person who loves science fiction books is the boba tea drinker.
the person who has black hair is not in the fourth house.
the person who is short is the coffee drinker.
the coffee drinker and the person with a high school diploma are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is not in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
bob is in the second house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is a doctor.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves blue.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fifth house.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who is a lawyer is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who uses a huawei p50.
arnold is the person who is an engineer.
alice is the person who loves yellow.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person who loves hip-hop music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who loves cooking.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves classical music.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who is the mother of timothy is somewhere to the left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves jazz music is the person's child is named bella.
eric is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is bob.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the person who loves rock music.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the third house.
peter is the person who keeps horses.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the cat lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who keeps horses.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the bird keeper is in the first house.
eric is not in the third house.
the person who has red hair is not in the third house.
there is one house between eric and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves science fiction books is peter.
the person who loves fantasy books is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves pop music.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who has red hair.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who has black hair is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
there is one house between the person who loves pop music and the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves romance books is somewhere to the right of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who has red hair is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has brown hair and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who loves science fiction books is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person's child is named bella is eric.
the person who loves soccer is the person's child is named fred.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the right of arnold.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the root beer lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose favorite color is green is the coffee drinker.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves blue.
eric is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is peter.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is the cat lover.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fourth house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves white is the person who loves tennis.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
arnold is the person who loves the stew.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of eric.
the person who prefers city breaks is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the second house.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the photography enthusiast.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the first house.
the person who smokes blue master is directly left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the prince smoker is not in the second house.
peter is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fourth house.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fifth house.
the person in a modern-style house is eric.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the third house.
arnold is the person in a craftsman-style house.
peter is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person in a craftsman-style house is not in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the left of bob.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves the stew is not in the fifth house.
bob is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
the person who loves pop music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
peter and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the right of bob.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is bob.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves rock music is in the second house.
alice is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person who smokes blue master.
the person who is short is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who is tall.
eric is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person whose birthday is in february is alice.
the prince smoker is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the prince smoker is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is directly left of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height and the person whose birthday is in september are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the fourth house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person's child is named fred.
the cat lover is eric.
the person partial to pall mall is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named bella is the prince smoker.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person's child is named fred is directly left of arnold.
peter is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the third house.
the person who loves mystery books is not in the second house.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the second house.
the person who loves fantasy books is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person's child is named meredith.
there is one house between the person who is the mother of timothy and eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the second house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person's child is named bella is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves mystery books is in the fourth house.
the person's child is named alice is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who likes going on cruises.
there are two houses between the person who loves fantasy books and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves fantasy books is carol.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fourth house.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves biography books is not in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose mother's name is holly and eric.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of alice.
the person who loves stir fry is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is alice.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves rock music is not in the third house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who loves pop music is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves pop music is arnold.
the person who loves romance books is directly left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is not in the third house.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves pop music.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of eric.
there is one house between the boba tea drinker and bob.
there are two houses between the person who uses a google pixel 6 and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who goes on cultural tours is carol.
the person who enjoys camping trips is eric.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is not in the fifth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who has gray hair and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who has brown hair.
the coffee drinker is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who has black hair.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person who goes on cultural tours is not in the sixth house.
the one who only drinks water and the person who goes on cultural tours are next to each other.
the tea drinker is somewhere to the left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who likes milk is the person who uses a huawei p50.
the person who has blonde hair is directly left of the person who has gray hair.
bob is not in the third house.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a modern-style house is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is eric.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the third house.
the fish enthusiast is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who keeps horses is in the first house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who loves the stew.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
carol is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between the desert smoothie lover and peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of arnold.
carol is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the cat lover is bob.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who is a pizza lover.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the person who loves stir fry.
arnold is the rabbit owner.
peter is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is not in the third house.
arnold and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person with an aquarium of fish.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who has a cat.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person's child is named bella is in the fourth house.
carol is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the sixth house.
the person's child is named alice is somewhere to the left of arnold.
bob and carol are next to each other.
eric is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named alice.
the person's child is named fred is in the fifth house.
the person who is the mother of timothy is carol.
the tea drinker is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
arnold is the tea drinker.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person who loves rock music is the tea drinker.
the person who loves classical music is peter.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who loves white.
the person who prefers city breaks and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is in the second house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who prefers city breaks.
eric is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves classical music is the person who likes going on cruises.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who keeps horses and arnold are next to each other.
the person who keeps horses is the person who enjoys gardening.
the cat lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who keeps horses and the person who uses an iphone 13 are next to each other.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is in the second house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the person who owns a dog is not in the second house.
the person who is a pizza lover is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves classical music is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who owns a rabbit is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there are two houses between the person who is a nurse and the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who has a cat is alice.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who drinks blueberry smoothies and the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves classical music is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is bob.
bob is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves pop music is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is peter.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who has a cat is in the first house.
the person who is a doctor is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the second house.
carol is not in the fourth house.
the prince smoker is directly left of the person with a high school diploma.
the prince smoker and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the person who has black hair is the prince smoker.
the person who is tall is arnold.
the person's child is named samantha is the tea drinker.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the coffee drinker.
the person's child is named samantha and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who likes milk is the person who is short.
alice is the person's child is named fred.
peter and the person who is very short are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named samantha.
eric is the person who is short.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
alice is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person who loves the stew is somewhere to the left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
peter is the cat lover.
the dog owner is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves stir fry is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and eric.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the fish enthusiast is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the fish enthusiast is in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves the stew.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is not in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who smokes blue master.
arnold is the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
peter is not in the third house.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
arnold is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is not in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the root beer lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose favorite color is green is the coffee drinker.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves blue.
eric is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is peter.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
alice is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person partial to pall mall is in the first house.
the prince smoker is peter.
peter is in the second house.
arnold is in the first house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the first house.
the person who loves country music is the person whose birthday is in february.
arnold is directly left of the person whose birthday is in may.
there are two houses between the person who loves science fiction books and alice.
the person who loves biography books is eric.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
the person who loves biography books is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves pop music is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has a cat is the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who loves pop music is directly left of the person who loves jazz music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of carol.
alice is the person whose birthday is in september.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves country music.
the person who owns a dog is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is in the fifth house.
bob is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person whose birthday is in april.
the dane is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
eric is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of peter.
the british person is in the third house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the dane.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who keeps horses is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
alice is the british person.
the swedish person is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses and the dog owner are next to each other.
there is one house between the person in a craftsman-style house and the dane.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the german.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the norwegian.
bob is the person in a modern-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the desert smoothie lover is the bird keeper.
the person who has an average height is the person's child is named meredith.
the person who is tall is in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
alice is the person who is tall.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is very tall.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who is the mother of timothy are next to each other.
bob is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the second house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who loves tennis is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
the person's child is named samantha is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who has an average height.
the person's child is named fred is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who is short is the person who loves basketball.
peter is the person who is very tall.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of the person who loves cooking.
the person who enjoys knitting and the person who enjoys gardening are next to each other.
the person in a modern-style house is the person who loves cooking.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the fifth house.
eric is the person who is a doctor.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the one who only drinks water.
the person's child is named bella and eric are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who is an engineer is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and the person whose mother's name is penny are next to each other.
there are two houses between the fish enthusiast and the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there are two houses between peter and bob.
the bird keeper is in the second house.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the dog owner.
the fish enthusiast and peter are next to each other.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the second house.
arnold is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
eric is the norwegian.
there is one house between the person who is very short and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is short is arnold.
the dane is the person who is super tall.
the british person is in the sixth house.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the right of the german.
the person who has gray hair is in the fifth house.
the person who has gray hair is carol.
bob is the person who has black hair.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
the person who is super tall is directly left of arnold.
there are two houses between alice and the person who has an average height.
the dane is not in the first house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the norwegian.
the person who is tall is the person who has gray hair.
the chinese is in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who is very tall and the person who has blonde hair.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves soccer.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who has brown hair is arnold.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the cat lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves yellow is the british person.
the person who has black hair is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
the person whose birthday is in april is eric.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person whose favorite color is red is alice.
bob is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves stir fry is the person with a bachelor's degree.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the first house.
the person who loves white is the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves blue is eric.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who loves the stew.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person with a high school diploma.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves stir fry.
the person with a doctorate and the person who loves white are next to each other.
the person who loves the stew is not in the second house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves yellow is in the first house.
the swedish person is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry and arnold are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the dane is the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the photography enthusiast is the british person.
arnold is directly left of the british person.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the swedish person is the desert smoothie lover.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the left of eric.
arnold is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
arnold is the person who loves yellow.
the person who is short is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the cat lover is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves country music is somewhere to the right of the rabbit owner.
the person who loves pop music is not in the second house.
alice is somewhere to the right of arnold.
the person who loves jazz music and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the person who loves rock music is the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves hip-hop music is the norwegian.
the cat lover is somewhere to the left of the woodworking hobbyist.
alice is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a craftsman-style house is carol.
peter is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves hip-hop music is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves pop music is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the swedish person.
the dane is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the rabbit owner is somewhere to the left of the british person.
there is one house between alice and the person who loves country music.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the german is somewhere to the left of the photography enthusiast.
eric is the norwegian.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
there are two houses between the person who loves cooking and the person who loves classical music.
the bird keeper is the person who loves cooking.
the cat lover is directly left of bob.
eric is not in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the german.
the rabbit owner is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is an artist is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes milk.
the person's child is named samantha is alice.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves mystery books.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves white.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves swimming and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves tennis and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the person's child is named bella is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
there is one house between alice and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the dog owner is arnold.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person in a ranch-style home is somewhere to the left of alice.
peter is the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who keeps horses is somewhere to the left of bob.
there is one house between the bird keeper and peter.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the bird keeper is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person residing in a victorian house is arnold.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
bob is the person who is tall.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the coffee drinker.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the fifth house.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who is super tall is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is alice.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
arnold is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very tall is not in the second house.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of eric.
the person who owns a dog is the person who likes milk.
the swedish person is the person's child is named bella.
there is one house between the person who loves science fiction books and the person who loves the stew.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves white is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves yellow is peter.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
the german is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves romance books is the person who loves the stew.
the person's child is named samantha is directly left of the german.
alice is the swedish person.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is green.
arnold is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves biography books.
the norwegian is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves romance books is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is eric.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
the person who loves mystery books is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person's child is named fred is not in the third house.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who loves fantasy books is in the second house.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is the person who is a teacher.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves science fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who is a teacher.
bob is the person who loves fantasy books.
the person whose mother's name is janelle and eric are next to each other.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the person who loves biography books.
peter is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
peter and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is bob.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves romance books.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person who loves biography books.
bob is directly left of the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the fourth house.
arnold and bob are next to each other.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the british person is directly left of eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named fred is in the second house.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the swedish person is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named fred is not in the second house.
arnold is the person who has a cat.
the person's child is named samantha is in the second house.
arnold is the person's child is named samantha.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is directly left of the person with a master's degree.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves the stew is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves pop music is alice.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person with a high school diploma is arnold.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves classical music is the person's child is named fred.
the dunhill smoker is in the second house.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves swimming.
the person who is an engineer is arnold.
there are two houses between the person who is a teacher and the person partial to pall mall.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the right of the prince smoker.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a dog.
the person who loves tennis and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person with an aquarium of fish is alice.
eric is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who owns a honda civic is not in the first house.
peter is the person who loves soccer.
the person who owns a toyota camry is the person who is a doctor.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves swimming.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
there is one house between alice and the fish enthusiast.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is alice.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who has a cat is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the person living in a colonial-style house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
alice is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in march and the cat lover are next to each other.
peter is the person whose birthday is in february.
the cat lover is the person who owns a dog.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps a pet bird.
bob is the person who keeps a pet bird.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the left of the person with a pet hamster.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person in a modern-style house.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the sixth house.
eric is the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a teacher is in the second house.
the person who is a lawyer and the person who is an engineer are next to each other.
the person who is a nurse is the coffee drinker.
the root beer lover is directly left of arnold.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the root beer lover.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who is a nurse.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the boba tea drinker.
the tea drinker is peter.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who has red hair.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who has red hair.
bob and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the fourth house.
arnold is the person who has black hair.
the desert smoothie lover is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
eric is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who has black hair is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
bob is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who has black hair.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who has brown hair.
peter is the person who has gray hair.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who smokes blue master.
the person partial to pall mall is peter.
arnold is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who smokes blue master is not in the second house.
the prince smoker is the photography enthusiast.
the person with a master's degree is somewhere to the left of the person who smokes blue master.
eric is in the second house.
the cat lover is the person whose birthday is in april.
the cat lover is not in the second house.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who is an engineer.
peter is the cat lover.
there is one house between the person who paints as a hobby and peter.
alice is the fish enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is not in the second house.
the photography enthusiast is not in the third house.
the bird keeper is the person who enjoys gardening.
eric is the bird keeper.
alice is in the first house.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who is an engineer.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is not in the third house.
the person who is a doctor is the cat lover.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is peter.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 and eric are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who has red hair is directly left of eric.
the person's child is named meredith is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person who has blonde hair is the person's child is named fred.
peter is in the fourth house.
the person who has black hair is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
eric is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is in the first house.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has black hair.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves the stew is eric.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of peter.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who is an artist.
the person who paints as a hobby is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
there is one house between the person who is an artist and the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is somewhere to the right of the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who is a pizza lover is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is alice.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is directly left of eric.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the stew.
there is one house between the person who enjoys gardening and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who is a teacher is in the third house.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the root beer lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose favorite color is green is the coffee drinker.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves blue is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves blue.
eric is directly left of the tea drinker.
the one who only drinks water is peter.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
there is one house between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the one who only drinks water is in the third house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
there is one house between arnold and the person who loves blue.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado and the person who owns a bmw 3 series are next to each other.
carol is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
bob is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
bob is in the third house.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the sixth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person who has brown hair is in the fourth house.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person whose mother's name is holly is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the third house.
eric is directly left of the person who has auburn hair.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who loves yellow.
there are two houses between the person who loves purple and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who loves purple is in the first house.
the person whose favorite color is green is not in the fourth house.
the person who has gray hair is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves white.
the person who owns a toyota camry is in the first house.
eric and the person who loves the spaghetti eater are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person whose birthday is in april is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of alice.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who is an engineer is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february and the person who is a pizza lover are next to each other.
the person who owns a honda civic is eric.
the chinese is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the desert smoothie lover is the german.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is bob.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is somewhere to the right of eric.
peter and carol are next to each other.
the swedish person is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
arnold is the norwegian.
the dane is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
arnold is not in the third house.
the norwegian is somewhere to the left of the chinese.
the dane is in the first house.
the german is in the sixth house.
the chinese is not in the fifth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is bob.
the person who has brown hair is the one who only drinks water.
eric is directly left of the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
there is one house between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who enjoys camping trips.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who has brown hair is the dunhill smoker.
the person who has red hair is arnold.
the person who has auburn hair is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who has gray hair is not in the sixth house.
the person who likes milk is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who smokes blue master is alice.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who likes going on cruises.
the coffee drinker is the prince smoker.
the coffee drinker is the person who uses a huawei p50.
eric is the tea drinker.
the prince smoker is in the third house.
the person who smokes yellow monster is somewhere to the right of the coffee drinker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is peter.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the person who has blonde hair.
there are two houses between the person who loves beach vacations and the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the one who only drinks water is in the fourth house.
eric is the person partial to pall mall.
bob is the boba tea drinker.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of eric.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the second house.
peter is not in the first house.
the dane and the british person are next to each other.
the desert smoothie lover is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there are two houses between the person who drinks lime smoothies and the dane.
bob is the dane.
alice is the norwegian.
alice is in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is in the third house.
the person's child is named meredith and the person who smokes yellow monster are next to each other.
carol is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person's child is named samantha is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person partial to pall mall is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
eric is the dunhill smoker.
there is one house between the person whose birthday is in may and the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who smokes blue master is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named samantha is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in may is the person's child is named meredith.
the person's child is named alice is the person whose birthday is in february.
there is one house between alice and arnold.
bob is the person's child is named meredith.
carol is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person partial to pall mall is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who owns a honda civic is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who loves basketball.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is directly left of eric.
alice is the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the third house.
the person who loves soccer is peter.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who owns a toyota camry is directly left of the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is eric.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is in the second house.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is in the fourth house.
arnold is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves white is in the first house.
peter is the person who loves white.
the person who loves yellow is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person whose favorite color is red.
arnold is the person who loves classical music.
arnold is in the third house.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the prince smoker.
the dane and the person who owns a ford f-150 are next to each other.
the british person is somewhere to the right of the dane.
the person who has black hair is the dane.
eric is the british person.
there is one house between carol and the woodworking hobbyist.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who loves cooking.
carol is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in may.
the person whose birthday is in september is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the person who loves cooking and eric.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
bob is somewhere to the right of the person who enjoys knitting.
the person whose birthday is in february is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose birthday is in april is the person who paints as a hobby.
alice is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the fourth house.
the person who likes milk is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of alice.
the tea drinker is the person's child is named fred.
there is one house between the coffee drinker and peter.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
peter is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person with an aquarium of fish is not in the second house.
peter is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is not in the third house.
the person who has a cat is in the fourth house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves white is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose favorite color is green are next to each other.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
arnold is not in the first house.
the bird keeper is not in the fourth house.
the person with a high school diploma is the cat lover.
the person's child is named bella is the cat lover.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the first house.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person who keeps horses is directly left of the fish enthusiast.
the person with a bachelor's degree is peter.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the cat lover.
eric is not in the third house.
the person's child is named samantha is arnold.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who likes cherry smoothies and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
bob is not in the fourth house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is arnold.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of eric.
the one who only drinks water is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves baseball is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who smokes many unique blends and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves basketball is peter.
arnold is the person who loves baseball.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the person who smokes blue master is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves soccer is somewhere to the right of arnold.
peter is in the third house.
bob is not in the fifth house.
alice is in the first house.
arnold is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair and the person who has brown hair are next to each other.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has black hair is in the fourth house.
eric is the person who has black hair.
carol is somewhere to the left of eric.
peter is in the first house.
the person who has auburn hair is not in the third house.
bob is not in the sixth house.
carol is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who has blonde hair is not in the third house.
there are two houses between the person who has brown hair and the person who has auburn hair.
the person who loves classical music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who smokes blue master is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who loves rock music is the person who smokes blue master.
the dunhill smoker is directly left of peter.
eric is in the first house.
the person residing in a victorian house is in the third house.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the person who is a teacher is the person who is short.
the person who loves classical music is the prince smoker.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who smokes blue master is in the first house.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who is a teacher.
there are two houses between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the person who is an artist is bob.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the second house.
the person who is an engineer is the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is an artist is the dunhill smoker.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fifth house.
peter is not in the fourth house.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who loves stir fry.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who is a teacher is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
arnold is the person who is a lawyer.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
peter is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the prince smoker is the watermelon smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who loves the stew.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person who is an artist is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
there is one house between the person in a ranch-style home and the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person who loves cooking.
peter is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves science fiction books is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the second house.
the person with an associate's degree is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 and eric are next to each other.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person who loves romance books.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves tennis.
the person's child is named bella is directly left of the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is an artist is not in the third house.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils and the person who loves tennis are next to each other.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who is a teacher.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the person who likes milk.
the person's child is named samantha is alice.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the fourth house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is an artist.
the person's child is named fred is not in the fourth house.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves swimming.
the person who has brown hair is not in the second house.
alice is not in the fourth house.
the person who is an artist is bob.
the person who has gray hair is the person who is a doctor.
bob is the person who has auburn hair.
the person who is a doctor and bob are next to each other.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of alice.
arnold is directly left of the person who is a lawyer.
bob is directly left of the person who is a teacher.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person who has black hair is arnold.
the person who is a doctor is somewhere to the right of the person who has red hair.
the person who has brown hair and carol are next to each other.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who is a doctor.
arnold is not in the fifth house.
alice and bob are next to each other.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person who keeps horses.
there are two houses between arnold and the root beer lover.
eric is in the second house.
the person who likes milk is the dog owner.
arnold is the person who owns a tesla model 3.
the bird keeper is the person who owns a honda civic.
the one who only drinks water and the person who owns a toyota camry are next to each other.
the one who only drinks water is directly left of the cat lover.
there is one house between the person who owns a ford f-150 and the fish enthusiast.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the tea drinker is bob.
the person who is the mother of timothy is directly left of the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person's child is named samantha is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named meredith.
bob is directly left of arnold.
the person's child is named meredith is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
bob is the person's child is named fred.
peter is the person's child is named meredith.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who likes milk is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the tea drinker is in the first house.
the photography enthusiast is eric.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is in the third house.
bob is the person who is tall.
the person who loves the soup is in the second house.
the root beer lover is directly left of the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who is tall.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is the coffee drinker.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is arnold.
the person who owns a rabbit is not in the fifth house.
the person with a pet hamster is somewhere to the right of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person who is super tall is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is alice.
the tea drinker is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is carol.
the person who is a pizza lover is the person who is short.
arnold is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the boba tea drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the soup.
the person with a pet hamster is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very tall is not in the second house.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the left of peter.
the person who is very short is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who keeps a pet bird is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of eric.
the person who owns a dog is the person who likes milk.
the fish enthusiast is in the first house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the bird keeper is the person who loves purple.
the person in a ranch-style home is the one who only drinks water.
the coffee drinker is not in the fourth house.
the person living in a colonial-style house and the boba tea drinker are next to each other.
the cat lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person in a modern-style house is in the third house.
the person who is an engineer and peter are next to each other.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person whose favorite color is red is arnold.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the person who is a teacher.
the bird keeper is the person in a ranch-style home.
the rabbit owner is in the sixth house.
the boba tea drinker is peter.
eric is the cat lover.
the person who is a nurse is directly left of the person in a modern-style house.
the bird keeper is carol.
there are two houses between the cat lover and the boba tea drinker.
bob is the tea drinker.
the person residing in a victorian house is the dog owner.
the person whose favorite color is green is in the fourth house.
the person who loves blue is the root beer lover.
the person who loves white is not in the sixth house.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who has red hair is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is eric.
there is one house between the person who has gray hair and the person who has a cat.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is peter.
the person who is tall is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who has an average height is directly left of the person who has brown hair.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who is very short.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person whose mother's name is penny is in the first house.
the person with a pet hamster is in the first house.
the person who is tall is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person who owns a dog is in the fifth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is directly left of the person who has black hair.
bob is somewhere to the left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person who keeps a pet bird is directly left of arnold.
there is one house between eric and the tea drinker.
the person who likes milk is the person in a ranch-style home.
the person with a bachelor's degree is in the second house.
the person with a high school diploma is the dane.
the desert smoothie lover is the swedish person.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who has red hair is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the right of eric.
the bird keeper is bob.
the person who has brown hair is directly left of the rabbit owner.
eric is in the first house.
alice is the cat lover.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the rabbit owner.
the fish enthusiast is the person who has auburn hair.
eric is the person who keeps horses.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast is not in the second house.
alice is not in the sixth house.
carol is the fish enthusiast.
peter is the prince smoker.
the person who smokes many unique blends is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is the person who is tall.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves soccer is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who is super tall is somewhere to the right of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person who is tall.
the person who is very tall is the dunhill smoker.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who is super tall is alice.
bob is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves volleyball is in the first house.
peter and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
carol is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
peter is the person who is short.
the person who smokes many unique blends is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves swimming is carol.
the person who is very short is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the left of the person who is very short.
the person who loves swimming is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is not in the third house.
alice is somewhere to the right of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves tennis is the person who is super tall.
the person who smokes yellow monster and the person who prefers city breaks are next to each other.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the left of the person who is very tall.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the first house.
the person who loves basketball is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person who is tall.
the person who loves tennis is eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is in the first house.
the person who owns a dog is somewhere to the right of bob.
the person who owns a dog is the cat lover.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is peter.
the person who is very short is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the bird keeper.
the person who has a cat is directly left of the person who has an average height.
the person whose mother's name is penny is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person with an aquarium of fish is directly left of the dog owner.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is in the fourth house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves baseball.
the dunhill smoker is not in the second house.
the person who loves rock music is directly left of the person who loves classical music.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
arnold is directly left of the dane.
the root beer lover is the german.
the tea drinker is the swedish person.
the swedish person is the person who loves classical music.
the dunhill smoker is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves jazz music is the prince smoker.
eric and the person who loves hip-hop music are next to each other.
there are two houses between the person partial to pall mall and the swedish person.
arnold is somewhere to the right of eric.
the coffee drinker is somewhere to the right of the dunhill smoker.
the norwegian is somewhere to the right of the person who smokes blue master.
there is one house between the one who only drinks water and the person who smokes many unique blends.
alice is the tea drinker.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is somewhere to the right of the person who is very short.
the person who has a cat is the person who uses a google pixel 6.
the person with a pet hamster is arnold.
bob is the person who has a cat.
there is one house between eric and the person who is tall.
the person who owns a rabbit is the person who is super tall.
the person who is very tall is alice.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
there is one house between the person who is super tall and carol.
the person who owns a dog is not in the sixth house.
the person who is short is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
the person who is tall and the person who uses a huawei p50 are next to each other.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is not in the fourth house.
the person who uses a xiaomi mi 11 is somewhere to the left of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is tall is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of peter.
peter is directly left of the person who is tall.
carol is the person with an aquarium of fish.
the swedish person is not in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the dane.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of peter.
the dane is directly left of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is directly left of the person who loves basketball.
the person who has a cat is arnold.
eric is directly left of arnold.
the person who enjoys gardening is the person who loves yellow.
the person who enjoys gardening is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is not in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is in the first house.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who has brown hair.
the bird keeper and eric are next to each other.
the person whose favorite color is red is the dane.
the dane is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the bird keeper.
the dane is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the british person is somewhere to the left of the person who loves yellow.
arnold is the person who keeps horses.
eric is the swedish person.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who loves tennis is directly left of the person who uses a google pixel 6.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves baseball is in the fourth house.
the dog owner is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and the person who keeps horses.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the cat lover.
arnold is the desert smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
bob is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who uses a huawei p50 is the fish enthusiast.
the person who loves tennis is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves soccer.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is peter.
there is one house between the person who prefers city breaks and alice.
the person who enjoys camping trips is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves baseball is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who loves beach vacations is directly left of the person who enjoys camping trips.
bob is the fish enthusiast.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves the stew is directly left of the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who paints as a hobby.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person who loves cooking.
eric is in the third house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
the person who paints as a hobby is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person living in a colonial-style house.
peter is the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves blue is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is directly left of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who loves white is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person whose mother's name is holly is directly left of alice.
the person whose mother's name is holly and the person who loves the stew are next to each other.
alice is the person in a ranch-style home.
carol is not in the sixth house.
the person who loves stir fry is the person who loves purple.
the person whose favorite color is red and the person living in a colonial-style house are next to each other.
the person who loves the soup is peter.
the person who is a pizza lover is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person residing in a victorian house is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is not in the fifth house.
there are two houses between the person who loves eating grilled cheese and the person whose mother's name is aniya.
arnold is the person whose favorite color is red.
the person in a modern-style house is arnold.
the person who loves yellow is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the tea drinker is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the desert smoothie lover is the person living in a colonial-style house.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
the person who likes milk is the person who loves cooking.
the tea drinker is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the third house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person in a ranch-style home is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is the one who only drinks water.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the one who only drinks water is eric.
the one who only drinks water is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
the root beer lover is the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who likes milk is directly left of the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
alice is the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21.
alice is the person who loves stir fry.
the tea drinker is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of the tea drinker.
the person who is a doctor is arnold.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the coffee drinker.
the person who is an engineer is the person who owns a bmw 3 series.
the person who loves the stew is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is directly left of the person who uses a oneplus 9.
the person who owns a honda civic is directly left of the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the tea drinker.
alice is the person who is an artist.
there is one house between alice and the person who owns a ford f-150.
arnold is the person who owns a toyota camry.
eric is in the fourth house.
the person who uses a oneplus 9 is the person who is a lawyer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is peter.
eric is somewhere to the right of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in april and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils are next to each other.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves soccer.
arnold is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
alice is in the third house.
the person who loves basketball is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has black hair is somewhere to the left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who prefers city breaks is eric.
the person who has brown hair is arnold.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves tennis is the person who likes going on cruises.
the person who loves beach vacations is not in the third house.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is in the first house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is somewhere to the left of eric.
bob and eric are next to each other.
the person who has black hair and the person who has blonde hair are next to each other.
arnold is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
arnold is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has red hair is eric.
there is one house between the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who has brown hair.
bob is in the third house.
the person who has black hair is not in the third house.
alice is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who is an engineer is bob.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the second house.
the dane is in the third house.
the british person is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the norwegian.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the second house.
there is one house between peter and the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the german is the person who is a teacher.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of bob.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
peter is somewhere to the left of arnold.
there are two houses between the person who loves a carnations arrangement and the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who is a teacher is not in the fourth house.
the fish enthusiast and arnold are next to each other.
the person whose birthday is in february is not in the fourth house.
the person who keeps horses is in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the dog owner.
peter is the person whose birthday is in september.
the dog owner is not in the fifth house.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
peter and the person whose birthday is in february are next to each other.
bob is not in the third house.
the dog owner is somewhere to the right of alice.
the person whose birthday is in january is the bird keeper.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who has brown hair is eric.
the person who has brown hair is the person who is a pizza lover.
the person who loves romance books is the person who is a pizza lover.
peter is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves pop music is the person who has blonde hair.
the person who has brown hair is somewhere to the left of the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves classical music is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person in a craftsman-style house.
the person with an aquarium of fish and the person whose mother's name is janelle are next to each other.
alice is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who loves swimming is the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is in the first house.
eric is the person residing in a victorian house.
arnold is the person in a ranch-style home.
arnold is not in the second house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a dog.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is in the fourth house.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is the person who loves tennis.
alice is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
there are two houses between the person who loves baseball and the person in a modern-style house.
arnold and the person who loves baseball are next to each other.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
the person who is an artist is peter.
the person who is a nurse is not in the sixth house.
there is one house between carol and bob.
the person who is an engineer is directly left of the person who is an artist.
there are two houses between the person who loves swimming and the person who is a doctor.
bob is in the sixth house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the third house.
the person residing in a victorian house is not in the second house.
the person who loves basketball is eric.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the fourth house.
there are two houses between the person in a ranch-style home and the person who loves tennis.
the person in a modern-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who is an engineer.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves basketball.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the first house.
eric is the person who is a pizza lover.
alice is the person who loves the spaghetti eater.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person who loves the stew.
alice is directly left of eric.
arnold is the person who prefers city breaks.
there is one house between the person who loves volleyball and the person who loves swimming.
alice is in the fourth house.
the person who likes going on cruises is the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who enjoys camping trips is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves volleyball is the person who smokes many unique blends.
arnold is the prince smoker.
the person who loves baseball is peter.
the prince smoker and the person partial to pall mall are next to each other.
the person who loves beach vacations is in the sixth house.
carol is the person who loves beach vacations.
carol is the person who smokes yellow monster.
the person who loves tennis is somewhere to the right of the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person who goes on cultural tours is the person who smokes blue master.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who smokes many unique blends.
the person who loves volleyball and eric are next to each other.
the person who loves tennis is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in march is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in january.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of alice.
the person whose birthday is in september and the person whose birthday is in january are next to each other.
eric is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in january is not in the fourth house.
peter is in the first house.
alice is directly left of the person whose birthday is in april.
the dane is the person who uses an iphone 13.
the person who is a doctor is the person with a high school diploma.
the dane is eric.
the person who is a doctor is the person whose birthday is in april.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is the person whose birthday is in september.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is aniya and the person's child is named fred are next to each other.
alice is the person's child is named meredith.
eric is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is directly left of the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is in the first house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
there is one house between the person whose mother's name is kailyn and the person whose mother's name is janelle.
arnold is in the second house.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is somewhere to the right of the person whose mother's name is kailyn.
the person who loves the stew is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
eric is somewhere to the left of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in january is eric.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
the person whose birthday is in april is in the third house.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the swedish person.
the person who loves classical music is the person whose favorite color is red.
the british person is the person who loves rock music.
the person who loves white is directly left of the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person who loves classical music.
the desert smoothie lover is directly left of the watermelon smoothie lover.
alice is the person who has brown hair.
the person who is a teacher is somewhere to the right of the person who is an artist.
the person who has blonde hair is in the first house.
the person who prefers city breaks is not in the fourth house.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is in the third house.
the person who loves beach vacations is somewhere to the right of the person who is a lawyer.
eric is the person who has black hair.
the person who is an engineer is the person who has red hair.
the person who loves classical music is bob.
the person who loves hip-hop music is in the fifth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has red hair is in the second house.
the person who is a teacher is the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who has black hair.
there is one house between the person who likes going on cruises and the person who has gray hair.
the person who loves rock music is the person who has red hair.
the person who is a lawyer is not in the third house.
the person who has blonde hair is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is not in the fifth house.
the person who is very short is the person who has auburn hair.
arnold is the person who enjoys camping trips.
the person who has auburn hair is eric.
the person who goes on cultural tours is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who has gray hair and the person who is short.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the left of the person who has brown hair.
the person in a craftsman-style house is bob.
the person who is very short is somewhere to the left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who is very tall is bob.
there are two houses between the person who loves the rose bouquet and peter.
the person in a modern-style house is not in the fourth house.
the person who prefers city breaks is the person who is short.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the vase of tulips.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has red hair is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person residing in a victorian house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person in a modern-style house.
arnold is the person who has an average height.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is not in the first house.
the person who is tall is not in the fifth house.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is not in the fourth house.
carol is directly left of bob.
the person who is very tall is the person who goes on cultural tours.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is the person who has red hair.
the person who is super tall is the person who has black hair.
eric is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is directly left of the person who likes going on cruises.
the person with a high school diploma is directly left of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves soccer is directly left of the photography enthusiast.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves baseball.
the person who is an artist is somewhere to the left of bob.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the person with an associate's degree.
the photography enthusiast is directly left of the person who paints as a hobby.
eric is in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who is an engineer is not in the first house.
alice is not in the second house.
the person who enjoys gardening is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves swimming is not in the first house.
the person who is a teacher is bob.
arnold is the person who enjoys knitting.
the person who is an artist is the person whose birthday is in march.
arnold is the person with a master's degree.
the person whose birthday is in march is directly left of the person who is a doctor.
the person whose birthday is in september is the person with a bachelor's degree.
alice is the person with an associate's degree.
arnold is in the first house.
peter is in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a bachelor's degree.
peter is the person with a master's degree.
the person with an associate's degree is not in the third house.
the tea drinker is in the second house.
peter is the tea drinker.
eric is somewhere to the right of the photography enthusiast.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys gardening.
arnold is the photography enthusiast.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person's child is named bella.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who keeps horses.
eric is not in the first house.
the british person is in the second house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person partial to pall mall is the british person.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is the person partial to pall mall.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is eric.
the person who uses an iphone 13 is the person who keeps horses.
the one who only drinks water is in the second house.
the cat lover is in the first house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is in the first house.
the cat lover is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who loves basketball is the person who is an engineer.
the person who is an engineer is not in the second house.
eric is the person whose mother's name is holly.
the person who loves basketball is directly left of the person who loves pop music.
arnold is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who loves rock music.
the dane is peter.
peter is the person who is a teacher.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the swedish person.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
peter is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves yellow.
alice is not in the fifth house.
carol is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
the person who owns a toyota camry is bob.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is not in the second house.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the right of arnold.
there is one house between the person who owns a bmw 3 series and the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
there is one house between arnold and bob.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the sixth house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the third house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is peter.
the person who owns a honda civic and the person who owns a toyota camry are next to each other.
the person who owns a toyota camry is not in the fifth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is not in the second house.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is eric.
the person in a ranch-style home is arnold.
the person in a ranch-style home is not in the first house.
the british person is in the first house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is peter.
the swedish person is eric.
the cat lover is in the second house.
the person residing in a victorian house is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
arnold is the person who is an artist.
the person who is a doctor is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
bob is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is somewhere to the right of alice.
the watermelon smoothie lover is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who is a lawyer is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is arnold.
there are two houses between bob and the person who owns a honda civic.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is in the third house.
peter is directly left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is a teacher.
the person who is an artist and the dragonfruit smoothie lover are next to each other.
the person who is a doctor is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is directly left of the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person living in a colonial-style house is the person who is a pizza lover.
arnold is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who loves pop music is the person living in a colonial-style house.
the person who is a pizza lover is not in the second house.
eric is the person who loves soccer.
the person who loves eating grilled cheese is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves the rose bouquet.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is eric.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the right of the person who is an engineer.
the person who loves soccer is the person who is short.
the person who is a teacher is in the first house.
the person whose mother's name is janelle is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
the person who loves basketball is the person who has an average height.
arnold is not in the third house.
the person whose mother's name is holly is somewhere to the right of the person who has an average height.
peter is the person who is a doctor.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is alice.
arnold is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who uses a samsung galaxy s21 is directly left of arnold.
the person who uses a google pixel 6 is the one who only drinks water.
the person who likes milk is the person who is an engineer.
eric is the person who likes milk.
the person who is a teacher is directly left of the tea drinker.
arnold is in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is in the fifth house.
peter is the person's child is named bella.
the person's child is named fred is bob.
carol is in the sixth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a toyota camry and the person's child is named samantha.
there is one house between bob and alice.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the left of the person's child is named alice.
arnold is the person who owns a honda civic.
there are two houses between the person who owns a tesla model 3 and the person's child is named samantha.
the person who is the mother of timothy is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is in the third house.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of carol.
eric is the person who prefers city breaks.
arnold is the person who is tall.
the person who loves beach vacations is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is the person who is tall.
the person with an associate's degree is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has an average height is eric.
peter is the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person who has an average height is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who owns a honda civic is somewhere to the left of the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
eric is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves the vase of tulips is in the fourth house.
the person who is very short is not in the fourth house.
eric is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is somewhere to the right of the person with a master's degree.
the person who likes going on cruises is not in the third house.
bob is the person who is short.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of arnold.
the person with a bachelor's degree is the person who is very tall.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person with a doctorate.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves mystery books.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves basketball is somewhere to the left of the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person who loves soccer is the person whose birthday is in september.
eric is the person who loves biography books.
the person who loves baseball is the person who loves white.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves swimming and the person whose favorite color is red are next to each other.
the person who loves biography books is not in the first house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the left of the person whose favorite color is red.
the person who loves fantasy books is bob.
the person's child is named bella is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who loves tennis and the person's child is named samantha are next to each other.
the person's child is named bella is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves blue is directly left of the person who loves yellow.
there is one house between alice and the person whose birthday is in march.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person whose birthday is in january.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person who loves swimming.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who is the mother of timothy.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who has black hair is the person who owns a dog.
the person who has gray hair is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
the person whose birthday is in february is the person who owns a dog.
bob is the person who keeps a pet bird.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves romance books.
alice is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
the person who owns a rabbit is directly left of the person who is very short.
the person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
the person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
the person who has red hair is not in the first house.
the person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is super tall.
there are two houses between the person who loves romance books and eric.
the person with an aquarium of fish is in the sixth house.
the person who has blonde hair is the person who loves historical fiction books.
the person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in february.
the person who has auburn hair is carol.
the person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose birthday is in march.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
the person whose birthday is in september is not in the first house.
the person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who has a cat.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person who loves science fiction books.
arnold is the person whose birthday is in may.
the swedish person is the person who loves cooking.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is alice.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is not in the sixth house.
the photography enthusiast is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who loves cooking is the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies and the person who loves the boquet of iris are next to each other.
the person who paints as a hobby is alice.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the watermelon smoothie lover.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the right of the german.
the woodworking hobbyist is somewhere to the left of the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils.
the dane is the watermelon smoothie lover.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is peter.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the woodworking hobbyist.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who keeps a pet bird is the person who drinks blueberry smoothies.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person with a pet hamster is in the fifth house.
the person who owns a dog is the norwegian.
the person who has a cat is somewhere to the right of bob.
the british person is directly left of carol.
the person who loves the boquet of iris is arnold.
the german is somewhere to the right of the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
bob is the photography enthusiast.
the person with an aquarium of fish is arnold.
arnold is the person who loves eating grilled cheese.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater and the person whose mother's name is holly are next to each other.
peter is directly left of the person whose birthday is in september.
the person who loves the spaghetti eater is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the first house.
the person's child is named bella is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is eric.
the person whose mother's name is aniya is in the first house.
the person's child is named fred is somewhere to the right of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in january.
the person whose birthday is in january is the person's child is named bella.
the person who loves white is arnold.
the person who loves beach vacations is arnold.
the person whose birthday is in september is somewhere to the left of arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is directly left of the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
peter is somewhere to the right of the person's child is named fred.
the person who loves yellow is the person's child is named bella.
the person whose mother's name is penny is directly left of the person whose mother's name is aniya.
peter is in the sixth house.
the person who owns a chevrolet silverado is the person whose mother's name is penny.
the person whose mother's name is sarah is not in the fifth house.
there is one house between the person who owns a honda civic and the person who owns a toyota camry.
the person in a craftsman-style house is somewhere to the right of the person in a ranch-style home.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person whose mother's name is sarah.
the person residing in a victorian house is carol.
the person who owns a ford f-150 is the person in a mediterranean-style villa.
the person whose mother's name is kailyn is somewhere to the left of the person who owns a ford f-150.
bob is the person whose mother's name is janelle.
the person who owns a bmw 3 series is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person whose mother's name is holly is the person in a modern-style house.
the person who owns a tesla model 3 is not in the second house.
the person who owns a toyota camry is somewhere to the right of eric.
the person who owns a honda civic is in the fourth house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is the person who owns a chevrolet silverado.
arnold is the person who owns a ford f-150.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who loves rock music.
arnold is not in the first house.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person whose birthday is in april is arnold.
the person who loves mystery books is in the first house.
the person partial to pall mall is the person with an associate's degree.
the person who loves white is the prince smoker.
the person with a high school diploma is not in the fourth house.
the person with a master's degree is not in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the third house.
the person whose favorite color is red is somewhere to the left of eric.
the person who loves cooking is somewhere to the right of peter.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is somewhere to the left of the person who paints as a hobby.
the person who loves white is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
alice is the photography enthusiast.
arnold is somewhere to the right of the person partial to pall mall.
the person who loves white is in the second house.
the person whose favorite color is green is directly left of the person who enjoys gardening.
the dunhill smoker is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the rose bouquet is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
the person who is a teacher is the person in a craftsman-style house.
bob is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person residing in a victorian house and eric.
the cat lover is directly left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who is an engineer is somewhere to the left of the person in a modern-style house.
the person in a craftsman-style house is directly left of the person who is an artist.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is somewhere to the right of the person who is a doctor.
the dog owner is not in the first house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is somewhere to the left of the cat lover.
the person in a ranch-style home is in the sixth house.
the person in a mediterranean-style villa is alice.
the fish enthusiast is the person in a ranch-style home.
the bird keeper is the person in a modern-style house.
the person living in a colonial-style house is peter.
the person who is a lawyer is arnold.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
peter is the person with a high school diploma.
the person who loves the boquet of lilies is the person who has brown hair.
the person's child is named bella is arnold.
the person who loves science fiction books is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the person who loves the boquet of lilies.
the person who has black hair is the person with an associate's degree.
the person's child is named meredith is not in the first house.
the person with a high school diploma is the person who loves a carnations arrangement.
peter is not in the third house.
the person who loves yellow is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in january.
bob is the person who loves white.
the person who loves blue is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person with an associate's degree is eric.
the person whose favorite color is green is the person whose birthday is in may.
the person who loves yellow is not in the fifth house.
the person with an associate's degree is directly left of the swedish person.
the person with a doctorate is the dane.
the person whose birthday is in january is somewhere to the right of the person whose favorite color is green.
there are two houses between the british person and the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in february is in the fourth house.
alice is the person with a high school diploma.
carol is in the first house.
bob is the german.
the person whose birthday is in may is directly left of the norwegian.
the person whose favorite color is red is not in the fifth house.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the second house.
there are two houses between the person whose birthday is in may and the person with a master's degree.
the norwegian is peter.
the person who attended trade school is the person who loves purple.
the person living in a colonial-style house is somewhere to the left of the person who likes milk.
the person who prefers city breaks is directly left of the person residing in a victorian house.
the person whose birthday is in january is directly left of the cat lover.
the one who only drinks water is the person who enjoys mountain retreats.
the person who keeps horses is peter.
the person residing in a victorian house is somewhere to the right of the person who loves beach vacations.
peter is the person who prefers city breaks.
the person who enjoys mountain retreats is the person whose birthday is in april.
eric is the one who only drinks water.
there is one house between the person's child is named bella and the person's child is named meredith.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is the person who loves beach vacations.
the person who prefers city breaks is arnold.
the person whose favorite color is red is the person's child is named fred.
the person's child is named fred is the watermelon smoothie lover.
eric is not in the first house.
the person's child is named meredith is the person who loves white.
the person who loves white is the desert smoothie lover.
the desert smoothie lover is eric.
the person who enjoys gardening is arnold.
the photography enthusiast is not in the first house.
the person who loves soccer is not in the first house.
the person who has a cat is the person who loves soccer.
the person who has blonde hair is in the second house.
the person who loves a bouquet of daffodils is the person who has blonde hair.
peter is the person who loves basketball.
arnold is directly left of the person in a ranch-style home.
the person who owns a dog is the person who loves basketball.
the person who loves a carnations arrangement is directly left of the person who has blonde hair.
the person who loves soccer is in the third house.
arnold is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
the person living in a colonial-style house is in the third house.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is somewhere to the right of the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
there is one house between the person who likes cherry smoothies and the person who drinks lime smoothies.
bob is not in the fourth house.
bob is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
arnold is in the third house.
alice is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the desert smoothie lover.
alice is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is arnold.
the person who loves cooking is not in the second house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the fourth house.
the person who loves baseball is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is the person who has brown hair.
the person who has gray hair is somewhere to the right of the swedish person.
the photography enthusiast is not in the fifth house.
the swedish person is not in the first house.
the german is the person who has blonde hair.
there is one house between the watermelon smoothie lover and the photography enthusiast.
alice and the person who drinks lime smoothies are next to each other.
the british person and the person who enjoys knitting are next to each other.
the person who has black hair is the swedish person.
the british person is the person who enjoys gardening.
the person who loves swimming is the person who loves cooking.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is not in the third house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is not in the second house.
eric is somewhere to the left of the person who drinks lime smoothies.
the person who loves soccer is alice.
peter is the photography enthusiast.
the person who enjoys gardening is directly left of the person who loves tennis.
the norwegian and the photography enthusiast are next to each other.
the british person is alice.
bob is the person who has blonde hair.
the bird keeper is in the third house.
the person whose birthday is in may is somewhere to the left of eric.
eric is the desert smoothie lover.
the rabbit owner is the person whose birthday is in january.
the fish enthusiast is directly left of the person who likes cherry smoothies.
the person whose birthday is in september is peter.
there is one house between peter and the rabbit owner.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is not in the sixth house.
the watermelon smoothie lover is the dog owner.
the person whose birthday is in april is somewhere to the right of carol.
the bird keeper is somewhere to the left of the person who keeps horses.
the person who drinks lime smoothies is alice.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is directly left of carol.
the person who drinks blueberry smoothies is the person whose birthday is in february.
the person whose birthday is in september is in the third house.
bob is the dragonfruit smoothie lover.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the left of the person whose birthday is in may.
the rabbit owner is the desert smoothie lover.
the person whose birthday is in september is the one who only drinks water.
the person who loves rock music and the person who loves jazz music are next to each other.
the person who loves mystery books is the person who smokes blue master.
alice is the person who loves classical music.
the person who loves jazz music is the person who likes milk.
the person who loves jazz music is directly left of the person who loves romance books.
the person who loves rock music is not in the fourth house.
the person whose birthday is in february is arnold.
the prince smoker and the person who loves classical music are next to each other.
the coffee drinker is the person who loves science fiction books.
the person who loves mystery books is the person whose birthday is in september.
peter is the person who loves jazz music.
the dunhill smoker is the person whose birthday is in april.
the person who loves mystery books is in the second house.
arnold is not in the fourth house.
peter is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is somewhere to the right of the desert smoothie lover.
the person who loves science fiction books is directly left of eric.
the desert smoothie lover is the person who is very short.
the person who loves white is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves fantasy books is the person who loves yellow.
the desert smoothie lover is somewhere to the right of the person who is short.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover and the person whose favorite color is green are next to each other.
the dragonfruit smoothie lover is the person who loves mystery books.
the person who loves yellow is in the second house.
the person who likes cherry smoothies is not in the third house.
the person who has an average height is the person who likes cherry smoothies.
